what year did the record player come out
Who was the Foreign Secretary of Russell's ministry?
What number of people are at Fort Hood, roughly?
When is the winner of the Prix Pictet photography award announced?
Who could have been more generous?
when did pregnancy tests over the counter became available
What percentage of Americans actually hunted at the beginning of the 21st century?
How much of the native population near Massachusetts was killed by smallpox in the epidemic between 1617 and 1619?
who is control in tinker tailor soldier spy
defines the formats and rules for exchanging information via a network
When did these groups make the migration ?
who has more skyscrapers new york or chicago
who sings the song nobody to blame but me
What does this Gospel show that Athanasius also believed?
who is the oldest living person in america
when did she 's a bad mama jama come out
where did the battle between beowulf and grendel take place
Who has pledged support?
What did the damaged roadways cause to the rescue operations?
How many Herero's were killed in the war against German occupiers?
Prior to working at Universal, what studio employed Marlene Dietrich?
Who will deploy their own air defence if their is an air threat?
What nationality was Alcmaeon of Croton?
how many syllables are in one line of iambic pentameter
who played the lion on wizard of oz
have the first class doubles beds?
What left Iceland in turmoil?
Presbyterianism is based on this type of tradition, what is it?
who is the actor who played xander on days of our lives
What did the English Order not care about?
What is the name of the actor who received and Oscar nomination for his role as Chopin?
who played the lead actress role in movie mirror mirror
What the police said?
Which football team does Kaka play for?
who does serena van der woodsen marry in gossip girl
What beginnings rose from the dead ashes of post-punk?
who was reelected for a third term
Which fleet joined the Baltic attack?
who was serving as president of u.s. 1946
how many episodes is the jack ryan series
What was the major joshi organization for two decades?
What was the average net household income in Paris in 2011?
During which period was the philosophy of humanism next updated?
when does the soccer world cup 2018 start
what are holdings believes?
when was penicillin first used in the uk
who plays eli grant on days of our lives
What was the original intent of the phonautograph?
how many were ineligible?
Who will miss the trip to Spain?
What will cause Shell to not be able t omeet supply contracts?
Who reconstructed Middle Chinese spoken from the 7th century to the 10th century?
who win the first ever t20 world cup
when does cristina yang leave grey 's anatomy
How much of a surplus did The Great Ehibition raise?
What is the largest Shiite Muslim political movement in Lebanon?
where is the next world cup taking place 2022
who wrote the song in the year 2525
What did the first federal wildlife commerce law prohibit?
Where was the Ethiopian soldier killed?
which was the last country to join the eu
What age is the victim?
where does go set a watchman take place
what drugs were in his wife's body?
How many suras are in the Quran?
who has been appointed as the chairman of the 21st law commission of india
In what year was the first debate between Harvard, Yale, and Princeton?
What information are some people hoping the suspect has?
What island did Great Britain lose in 1756?
who has the highest sales tax in the nation
when did the 49ers win the superbowl last
What group was to approve the new democratic constitution?
When did the war start up again?
When was the final French and Indian War fought?
Name the person that won the Nobel Prize
who is the senior senator from new york
what were the refugees caught in
who are the scientists credited with introducing the phenomena known as radioactivity
Who were the famous students that attended German Lutheran University?
identify the writer who first used blank verse in english poetry
What band that broke up in 2014 was formed in Southampton?
Who is accused of killing Dr George Tiller?
What is the current official name of Russia?
Where did the Gurkhas come into power?
who needs to address fears about fairness?
who is the captain of the cornelia marie
Where did the tournament take place?
Who does Pacquiao want to fight soon?
who had a goal
when does american america 's got talent start
Which person was a former comrade to Ted Striker in the film Airplane!?
when was the last time nsw won soo
who wrote the fall of the house of usher
who has the second most wins at daytona international speedway
In what year did the Imperial Delhi Railway line begin operating?
When the body of his daughter has been found?
Which Queen enhanced the Chinese theme of the Centre Room in the 1920s?
what do they want to do
how many seasons of scream queens are there
did warren say something
who is the red headed girl in charlie brown
What Microsoft executive announced the launch of version 2.0 of Mediaroom?
What has happened to Taylor's family?
Along with the Trecento, what period occurred in Italy during the Late Middle Ages?
In what ways are madaris similar to western colleges?
when did pandora the world of avatar open
Where is the Metropolis?
Who is debating
name of the king in the king and i
How many British gold medallists from the Beijing Olympics were rewarded?
By when does the plan call for improvement of rural Tibetan income?
what is causing problems in delaware
Which Soviet countries did the RSFSR border on the west?
The Melbourne statistical division population has grown by how many people each year since 2005?
Who was held since arrest
Who created the concept of ecosystems?
What is the length in miles of the Aravalli Range?
Who directed the two-part film?
who played the first lady in olympus has fallen
What crime is Robert A. Singer accused of?
what are the path ways of respiratory system
what does Carhart says about abortion?
total number of national highways in himachal pradesh
what is the age range of patients
Did the FBI increase electronic surveillance?
Who gets 13 years in prison?
What is ability is critical in Cyberspace Supports mission?
where are the victims from?
US says what number was killed in airstrikes?
What is Whitehead's term for the two modes of perceptions combining?
Singer Kimberley Locke was a spokesperson for what show?
What dialect of German is spoken in Switzerland?
Where did this happen
What did Aldean say about himself?
who wrote the script for the crucible movie adaptation ( 1996 )
Who is the Air Force Academy superintendent?
What did the University mourn?
what is the legal age of consent in holland
What is a ball grid array composed of?
who has a green white and orange flag
When was the Thomas More Law center established?
What does the newspaper claim about the situation?
What did Bermudians do when agriculture failed?
What did the convicted man call Sherbini?
what is the meaning of gloria in excelsis deo
What does the law allow?
when did season 2 of my hero academia come out
What rank does Boston hold as far as being an economically powerful city in the world?
When will Odierno talk with the House Panel?
Who has denied the claims?
what is the name of the second 300 movie
What was President Bush worried about during the transfer of power?
Who captured Atlanta?
Who is the President of Iran?
What is the gold production income of poor families in Mali?
How many types of trees are in Crotona Park?
Among the Southeast Asian countries, which one is densely populated?
two core functions of the world health organization ( who ) are
What did Cafferty say?
Why did the government refuse to allow the London Underground stations to be used as shelters?
In 1903, which two institutions was Brigham Young Univesity replaced with?
What was the accuracy range that China promised to offer in 2008 with the BeiDou system?
Which vitamin can be synthesized in the skin?
Which singer performed at Bell's funeral?
who has the most wins as an nfl quarterback
What are the Members of classes of the Order assigned to?
what are the biggest sources of revenue for the federal government
How man salmonella deaths have been confirmed in Virginia?
What was Kartika's punishment for drinking in public?
parates aboard what ship
What was Foster's job title with the Chicago Blitz?
what continent is new zealand part of map
Who is going to be the next Apple CEO?
The cuticle has how many layers?
Innovations in what kind of management is Dell known for?
how many episode does attack on titan season 1 have
who won i m a celebrity 2018 australia
Chapultepec Castle is located where?
All studies agree that genetic overlap with what location exists in both lineages?
Who said that their business was down at least 25 percent?
when does episode 1 season 3 of riverdale come out
Who did Darwin assist in researching marine invertebrates?
Comcast owns what movie studio?
Where have 10,000 people been affected and 2,000 homes ruined?
How many acres is the park?
Who helped Beyoncé earn a Grammy award for Best R&B Performance by a Duo or Group at the 46th annual Grammy Awards?
what is the purpose of a motion to suppress
what type of business is common in east texas
Where are the military supplied send to?
who killed fergus in once upon a time
What do the results sound like?
who did eric clapton write tears in heaven for
who brought the ark of the covenant to jerusalem
Which company designed the standard format for GE's marketing literature and website?
When did Kerry choose John Edwards to be his VP?
when did oklahoma university win the national championship
Who also edged closer to reaching group stage?
when is chapter 5 of agent a coming out
What crashed 35 miles northeast of Edwards AFB?
What medical district is experiencing growth in biotechnology and medical research field?
What does the move postpone?
What is the main subject of the survey?
What website was the ad on?
who plays the human torch in fantastic four
What does a passive infrared sensor react to? 
Where was the 13th death?
When did the first rudiments of state organizations appear among the Slavs?
What does the deal end?
the leading tone in the scale of ab major is
how many weeks Shiela had not been seen?
In which year did the Medieval Muslim scholar al-Baqillani die?
Who inherited his father's passion for music?
What is an acceptable grounds for divorce for a Jehovah Witness?
who did jessica mcnamee play in home and away
What does Windows compete with?
Whitehead believed instead of matter existing independently of each other, it did what?
what was the score in the second inning
What does the 13-year-old need?
who is the actress who plays alex on big bang theory
What type of band was System of a Down?
who does brooke end up with in one tree hill
What did the attorney say?
When were 40 percent of physician encounters were house calls ?
Along with the United States, what country did Gaddafi believe to be imperialist?
Where is the Tres Cruces Bus Terminal located?
Who did Virginia ruling give jurisdiction over case?
How many crew onboard?
what year did tiger woods win his first masters tournament
Where will start the tournament?
What kind of tradition does Bush continue?
who raced in formula 1
coaches who won super bowl and national championship
What  is part of a CNN series looking at contemporary Russia?
who sings the song wind beneath my wings
when does jane the virgin season 3 start
What haven't abductors tried to do?
what caused the cracks
when is the big bang theory season 11 coming out
where is the lake victoria located on a map
What number of deaths or injuries were immediately reported?
U.N. secretary-general, U.S. secretary of state to come to what country ?
What did CNN.com readers share?
which current flows around the coast of antarctica
when did central pacific railroad trains first pass over donner summit
When was the initiative started?
who played lucky on king of the hill
what episode of law and order svu is sophia bush in
who is the most awarded artist of all time
who has hit the fastest century in odi cricket
What transliteration system is most common today?
who has the fastest 40 yard dash ever
who is in the 2018 mens final four
how many civilians died for car bomb?
when did the movie harper valley pta come out
What do other critics claim?
Where have the centers of culture been located for the Grecian world historically ?
what group came to power because of the russian revolution of 1917
what is fraught with mistrust
when is the 3rd magnus chase coming out
How much of the population worked in a service capacity at that time?
Where was the foundation based?
Where was Hulk drafted to?
What does the plan seek to block?
synthetic approaches to instruction are also known as what kind of approach to instruction
Who says fear based ads appeal to voters' subconscious?
who got the first nobel prize in economics from india
How often do temperatures on the coastal plain of NC drop below freezing at night?
where was the first international earth summit held
where does the blood from the superior vena cava come from
when does how to teain your dragon 3 come out
Which disciple of Plato was considered the most important?
when was the green monster added to fenway park
who is the main character in no game no life
who said departure of tHAIN couldn't come soon?
which part of the constitution specifically reserves powers for the states
what does jeffrey toobin say about social issues?
When was The Sound Pattern of English published?
In what year did Father Erdland leave the Marshall Islands?
Who became president of Universal after the Standard Capital takeover?
what did the army request
who plays alan in last tango in halifax
who is next in line to be the monarch of england
prokaryotic cells may also contain small rings of dna known as
Who handles fires in Southampton?
How many people rejected the book?
What was Victoria's reaction to the verdict?
What animals was Quest photographing?
when was last time spurs won the league
What happens during a countout?
What name was the Eastern Roman Empire also known by?
Where was Lana Clarkson found dead?
In what country arethe attendants not deemed medically unfit -- just over the weight limit?
What aid is on its way to Bangladesh?
when did the charity shield become the community shield
what is centered in Utrecht 
who was the first black basketball player in the nba
Chopin composed several songs to lyrics of what language?
What may have been found at Neolithic sites in China in recent decades? 
What did the U.S. Navy say was hijacked?
What are an institute of technology called in France?
when did the army air corp become the air force
where does the pilgrims way start and finish
who tell followers not to lose faith?
What are writing systems which make no distinction between majuscales and minuscules often referred to as?
What is the name of an ancient Greek work impacting botany?
where is the 2019 super bowl being played
What ethnic group currently comprises approximately half the population of East Haven, West Haven and North Haven?
city known as cradle of the indian banking
What was Paul Eisler making when he came up with the printed circuit?
When did the crash landing happen?
when did hunchback of notre dame take place
What did the boy tell CNN?
Where did the match take place?
who did she beat
what part of florida is florida international university
how heavy is a bar of gold bullion
When did the Everton club board fire Smith?
In what dynasties did poets congregate in Nanjing?
What is the central legislative body in India?
when does it snow in north carolina mountains
when is the next episode of flash going to air
What possession did the French lose to the Brits in 1758
Who were taking slaves as concubines?
who is the lead singer of the group disturbed
The controversy surrounding the subject of predestination is known as what?
bahubali 2 box office collection in india first day
What is the cheapest way to explore Malmo?
who is the most followed person on youtube 2018
What is the movie about
how many arms does a sea star have
Who performed the tasks of the Zongli Yamen before it was created?
Have past disputes regarding the sea border been resolved?
What was Madonna's sixth album named?
where did the movie players club take place
What are Americans perceived as?
What sorts of people are more likely to be emotionally expressive?
how many cores does a pentium 4 have
who invaded the iberian peninsula and lived there for eight centuries
who was the first Christian rock band to make cover of Billboard?
Which two groups saw increasing ethnic conflicts in 1988?
Chinese political philosophy dates back to what century?
who plays sarge in top of the lake
when does it snow in tasmania what months
What did the machine use to generate its clock waveforms?
What did Indigenous Americans not do that makes it difficult to trace their heritage?
What sort of an effect did a growing economy have on human settlements?
when did the romantic era start and end
What communion do most residents of the island belong to?
what is a staple of political rhetoric
who was crucified on an x shaped cross
What was the size of the baby?
Who is backing Iran?
who was the only us president whos grandfather was also president
what are the charges?
What do insects gather from plants?
what was the tallest mountain in the world before mount everest was discovered
What gospel/R&B-influenced group released "Time Passes On" in 1993?
who plays the hotel manager in pretty woman
How many parachute mines were dropped?
who sang i just want to dance the night away
Which program did Chelsea King's parents make an appearance?
what was celtics score
when does the new last man standing start again
when did the ps4 come out in usa
how many planets were imaged
who did the vocals for the mcdonalds jingle i 'm lovin ' it
What EF was the previous tornado?
What happened to pedophile Chester Stiles?
Who is ending a five year term?
How long is the total railway system in Portugal?
What organization is Stephen Thomas Erlewine associated with?
who plays guitar on bark at the moon
What does Stiles carry?
who plays blue eyes in planet of the apes
What is the state of the infrastructure?
How much, in US dollars, has China invested in Tibet since 2001?
What do investigators want to know?
who plays the president on scandal tv show
Beyonce's group changed their name to Destiny's Child in what year?
How does the cold resistance of tungsten filament lamps compare to the hot resistance?
when was fountain fort carson high school built
Where did Frédéric live with his family while they were in Warsaw?
What is an organism that grazes upon other animals?
who is UK at odds with?
Who made significant addition to a charming little quirky  scientific deviant that lead to the winning of a prestigious award of recognition and gave birth to a model ?
traditionally a person of low status who worked on the land
when was the first case of cancer recorded
where is the opening scene of wonder woman filmed
How many times did Premier League clubs win the Champions League between 1992 and 2013?
who wrote the poem twinkle twinkle little star
What could happen to Smith if the conviction is overturned?
Where did the hijacking occur?
The fisherman spent a week on a boat where?
Where was Bibliotheque Bleue located?
What was he charged with?
according to the book who was the architect of the division
What launched on Tuesday night?
the books of the major prophets in the bible
Who pulled a gun on officers?
What does Bassam Nabulsi's tape show?
little house on the prairie house in minnesota
What car was driven from connecticut to times square?
what is rising at food banks?
what place did scott and kady come in love island
first earth summit 1992 was held at which country
What did North Korea do recently?
who played harry in harry and the hendersons
where was anne of green gables filmed in 2016
How much did Ghosts of Girlfriends Past take at the box office?
who did ireland lose to in world cup 2018
What are Darwin's thoughts on producing hybrids of related species?
real name of krish in kabhi khushi kabhi gham
where is the main campus of gmc located
who played lucas mccain son on the rifleman
when does the tv series the purge start
how many medals did canada win at the 2018 olympics
What does the report say about the worst projects?
What are biomorphism and zoomorphic architecture based after design wise?
What does FotoFlexer bill itself as?
list of the planet of the apes movies
How many times over could wind energy sustain the world?
who discovered that all organisms are made of cells
What allowed for a deeper understanding and personal exploration of older philosophers theories?
What process is required of each government's policies?
when is it considered a long distance relationship
when was the last time the patriots and the eagles played in the super bowl
When did Buckingham officially become the principle royal residence?
If people's nutritional status and health changes, what could this affect in their daily routine?
who showed that mass and energy are related
Approximately how many miles long is Tennessee's Ridge and Valley region?
who was president of mexico during the mexican american war
At the end of the same day Hayek met with the Queen of England, what did he say?
Who appeared on commerical?
When must a general election occur?
what does it mean to tune an engine
From which country were bees imported?
Which province is Zhejiang bordered by to the northwest?
What type of musician is Bill Frisell?
Where did the plane crash?
With what was the victim poisoned?
What is the major thing that sets the size of antennas at lower frequencies?
who has sold the most concert tickets ever
who plays cane on the young and the restless
who is the head coach of the minnesota timberwolves
what is the full form of u n f p a
who has filed for divorce?
words made from the first letters of other words
when will the nba schedule be released 2019
who wrote self-help book?
What does Woods say on his website
What western road provides access from New Haven to the city of Derby?
The M18 is a type of what kind of grenade?
Besides antimicrobial, what did the overused medicine cause? 
where has Britain shut it's embassy?
what team does stephen curry 's brother play for
How many selective grammar schools are still currently functioning in England and Wales?
when are they coming out with season 2 of riverdale
Along with individual tributes, what form did TCM Remembers occur in?
Who was admitted to a hospital?
Who shot and hit a helicopter?
which is the population growing much faster?
who coined the term weapons of mass destruction
when was chlorine first used in drinking water
What did Britain do that helped make the new strategy less effective? 
What is the depth of the Niger Delta Nembe Creek Oil field?
How long is the Greek railway system?
this cuban legend was born in 1925 in havana
Who introduced the Shogun concept?
Whee these new inhabitants welcomed ?
altered carbon what year does it take place
What did other Arab leaders have to do to gain admiration of their populations?
How much was the contract given to Theo Epstein worth?
What is Gibson's character called?
when does married at first sight come on television
when was the makkah royal clock tower hotel built
What did Mitch Gilbert find?
Where did Karp live
Who calls for agency to help weak financial institutions?
When was copper thought to have been discovered in China?
when does grey 's anatomy season 15 air time
Who was supposed to inspect building to see if they met national standards?
when does real housewives of new jersy start
when did psa airlines go out of business
What position at Dell did Kevin Rollins eventually attain?
what is a line segment in geometry terms
On what date did the Government of National Defence negotiate an armistice?
when is the new charmed series coming out
What is the nickname for a World Series where two New York teams play against each other?
Why was the Dutch East Indies important to Japan?
what was the war between britain and america called
artist which illuminated the original document of constitution of india
when was the idaho state capitol building built
When did the Partisans create the First Proletarian Brigade?
What must the referee do to rule the match at an end via disqualification?
Who was the Controller talking too?
who was the queen of england married to
Is there seeding?
Who did the family greet?
what is back to you by selena gomez
what did FIFA say
In what year did the death of Lana Clarkson occur
Which British city did the Luftwaffe focus its bombing on?
what type of sign language is used in ireland
What is the name of one interstitial alloy?
where did the book of henry take place
How many signed the online petition?
What type of race track is in Raleigh?
How many homes were tested?
where is the maryland hunt cup race held
what is it called when a lawyer takes a percentage
who plays archie on once upon a time
Who failed to take back Malakoff?
What do modern hunters see themselves as?
where does the boy who dared take place
The periods of Buddhisma in India is divided into how many periods?
where was the fifa world cup held in 2018
What films did she star in?
What Czech dialect is gaining ground in journalism and the mass media?
What was the largest ocean during the Permian called?
Who is Donald Feeney?
when does captain underpants the first epic movie come out
how many episodes of game of thrones is there
daughters names on little house on the prairie
what is the capital of georgia the country
How many troops were involved?
A FedEx Cargo plane crashed at what Tokyo Airport?
What do they write about?
Who was announced as winner of the competition?
Janet will help open what awards show?
What was the bailout money capped at?
how many episodes of the bletchley circle are there
which explore was the first to find a path around south america and circumnavigate the earth
Who appeared in court over executions?
What was Bartolomeo Bortolazzi's popular mandolin method?
when is the maze runner 3 movie coming out
What body often runs pubs on the campuses of Canadian universities?
Has the world seen many or few changes in the observation of DST?
who won the bid
when did denzel washington win his first oscar
IBM's net profit margins were 16.5% in what year?
Who is at the top of the Primera Liga table?
the landmark court ruling that mandated desegregation of american schools was
What have the soldiers done?
What was one of Victoria's major concerns?
who lost the lead?
What does LIFE project stand for?
what was the working consitions
What does the film focus on?
who is number 7 in england football team
What team did the Cincinnati Red Stockings become?
where did the emperor live in the forbidden city
Who condemned racist attacks and intimidation?
Who led the crowd singing  "Happy Birthday"?
How many ethnic Armenians are believed to have died in the Armenian Genocide?
what type of fish does mcdonald 's use
who was the actress that played rizzo in grease
When was multi-party governance established?
who did the special effects for the fly
What policy topic should be reversed?
What did Pyongyang violate?
how much market greaw
who has the most career turnovers in the nba
What city was the site of the dead bodies found?
Which city is known as the game show capital of Australia?
What does China have concerns over?
who is the original singer of that 's amore
Who is opposed to same-sex marriage?
What number of people were hospitalized because of the fire?
when did the purge election year come out
A sweet oral liquid does moderately reduce the incidence and duration of what?
what is the main component of the hypodermis
What did election officials say?
How can patients with dementia indicate discomfort exists?
what are the headwaters of the mississippi river
when does left 4 dead 2 take place
where is the great american baking show filmed
why does javascript have java in its name
when did hot wheels start super treasure hunts
What did the union president say?
who was the person who wrote the star spangled banner
what type of dog is tramp in lady and the tramp
Who did a comparative work on a Balinese state?
What did he tell on his personal Web site ?
who sings the song i must be doing something right
when did daylight savings time start in united states
What prize did Von Neuman win at the conclusion of his gymansium formal education?
What place's control was the Communist Party of Lithuania out from under after the split?
What Japanese movie is 'Star Wars: A New Hope' said to be similar to?
What is the size of a Maxi Single?
what is emma 's real name from jessie
who won so you think you can damce 2017
where did they get the vibranium to make captain america 's shield
What caused the crash?
Along with the surface of the Earth, what objects absorb radiation from the sun?
who is the sasquatch in the jack links commercials
what illness did catherine have in wuthering heights
what did antalya launch?
Where was Hansen's horse tested for banned substance?
who is on the brad paisley weekend warrior tour
where does the great wall of china finish
african american winner of oscar tony and emmy
Who played the Joker?
When was ile aux Cygnes created?
Who suffered over a decade from effects of Lyme disease?
who is summer 's father on young and restless
when did i spit on your grave come out
where is rarotonga located on the world map
which carbohydrate does the body use for energy production during respiration
how long does it take to renew a brazilian passport
Who was in charge of the construction of the Notre Dame Cathedral?
when did the plane land in the hudson river
What did the Rev. Alverto Cutie say?
How does Iran effect the world economy and international energy markets?
how many eps in handmaids tale season 2
Where was the recent bomb incident?
how many packs of cigarettes come in a case
who sings on do n 't look back in anger
What he charged with?
What naturalist was on the 1896 expedition to Funafuti?
who played the dead guy in the movie the big chill
where are hydrogen ions concentrated in cellular respiration
Where was the birthplace of the Model T?
On what service were some shows removed as a result of issues over rights?
Who is KKK's full name?
Which organisms were among the first life-forms to be genetically sequenced?
How many people died in the explosion in Bogota?
What network is show "Entourage" on?
when is sims 4 mobile coming out uk
What element is considered the lightest?
where is the tumor
who wrote the music for game of thrones
Which sediements in the US are an indication of the break up of Pangaea?
What case has the Supreme Court asked to be re-examined?
Who was beaten?
Who else is buried at Forest Lawn Cemetery?
Who was Edward the Confessor?
when does lord of the flies take place
What famous singer declined an offer to be a judge on American Idol after having been a mentor? 
What is Aquino battling?
What building are protestors occupying?
Where is the teen's family home?
where is the jury found in the constitution
where are most volcanoes above sea level located
Why had Mandel been admitted?
When does the Jackson movie open?
In what book are Photo CD standards defined?
when did the original wizard of oz come out
What nation did Giovanni da Verrazzano serve?
What school is affiliated with the New England Primate Research Center?
Who added and restored furniture to The Royal Collection?
when did the us join the allied forces in ww2
what instrument does anna play in freaky friday
What is included in the first part of the critical apparatus?
Andreas Bernard wrote about the social aspects of the new elevators in what book?
who had the right to vote in 1911
In what district of London is The Canonbury Tavern located?
Which soda company did not want to sponsor American Idol?
In the modern era, has any non-league team reached the quarter finals??
If a provincial case is appealed, how is the Supreme Court's decision applied?
Why did Karl von Loesch bury the microfilm?
who won the english civil war in the end
What warned the current government?
what happens at the end of all the bright places
who plays eli gold on the good wife
From where is the Irish prime minister usually selected?
where did the plane go down
who plays johnny on young and the restless
what is air asia
who did ares side with in the trojan war
who performed on the remix of dreamteam 's track tsekede
How many acres of parks does Houston have?
Who is the Governor in Michigan?
How many more residents would Southampton have if the population grew by 2%, as the council expected?
What is the English name of the historic museum in St. Barts?
Who said they are optimistic?
What was the capital of Golkonda in the mid 12th century?
What did the committee focus on?
What amount of kidneys that Irungu has works?
What did the document say?
since when did the brother and sister not meet
What did the Norwegian governement build?
when do you not need to stop if a school bus is loading or unloading
what is the reason of conflict?
What amount of afult females suffer from high cholesterol?
what does the name cheyenne mean in native american
who said a long journey starts with a single step
where is statue of liberty located on a map
how does camp randall connect wisconsin to the civil war
Who came in eighth place?
Where was Alexander McQueen found?
where did the name camden yards come from
What was the flight number?
what type of polymers have the ester functional group
How many consecutive La Liga titles did Barcelona win from 1991-94?
Who started the Tahrir Doctors Society?
What percentage of Estonians thought of themselves as ethnic Estonian's in 1945?
what does brahmaputra form after its meeting with the ganga
where was the movie the grand seduction filmed
who was the first to use the scientific method
What was an intellectual focus of post-punk?
What does Mitchell say?
What Industry did the bishop hurt 
How did Chavez affect the Venezuelans?
who sings the theme song to kim possible
how much did germany have to pay in reparations after world war 1
What do the respirators do?
when does the nfl regular season start 2018
who is the current leader of the official opposition in canada
what has hamas done to help
where are the stops for this trip?
in which province is the cradle of humankind
On what did a 2009 study conclude that increased insects were dependent?
when was the first portable cell phone invented
Where was Napoleon Bonaparte born?
What was uplifted from extreme compressive stresses and pressure? 
who paid manchester united a world records?
When did the 8 year old disappear?
What was Whitehead's mother's name?
what is the wall in a mosque called that is toward mecca
What type of climate does this area have?
What was the Great Divergence?
where was the movie how it ends filmed
when were the atomic bombs dropped in ww2
What values were thought to have a significant synergy?
What does Debra Lafave's probation forbid her from doing?
What do Kourage say?
Did FAI wrote to French counterparts about the issue with Ireland game?
Which country had successful public analog HDTV broadcasting?
What is the yearly amout of royalties a turbine will generate?
Where did the ferry capsize?
A Carlin tape was stuck in whose stereo?
What sum of money is in the bailout?
According to Evans what should young people focus on?
who wrote with you from ghost the musical
who has won the most soccer world cups
What is the name of the rap group?
Deficiencies in folic acid have been linked to what type of birth defects?
who is responsible for hosting wimbledon in britain
What do wolves normally do?
How many schools were closed in total?
who is the woman singing on gim me shelter
what is the full name of president of nigeria
when did canada get rid of the penny
Who embarked on a major operation in Tora Bora
What is "the Losers"?
most subscribed youtube channel in the world 2017
Tabasco Sauce's name derives from where?
How many people in Kazakhstan speak Russian natively?
a tree grows in brooklyn what kind of tree
AT&T, Philips, Zenith, and MIT, among others, made up what group in the 90's?
who won the all ireland hurling final 2011
What does UCCCMI stand for?
who plays kit in a league of their own
According to QS World University Rankings and Al-Azhar University, Alexandria University and Ain Shams University are all ranked where?
What are the benefits of music for seniors?
Who was accused of killing her 2-year old?
when is the latin american celebration of carnival held
What allows Facebook?
what was the earlier name of the times of india
uaap season 71 women 's volleyball rookie of the year
For what reasons might the launch be delayed?
What new role did Randy Jackson assume during American Idols thirteenth season?
what do you call meat from a goat
who has been accused
when was the gregorian calendar introduced in england
From what period does fossilized pollen suggest an older date for angiosperm origin?
Who was the leader of the armed rebellion?
what country restricts HiV positive visitors?
What caused a 2012 spike in Comcast profits?
what did netflix change the name to?
Who's identity cannot be determined?
what did named after their biological father?
who is the father of jen 's baby 90210
What sporting even will Justine Henin miss due to injury
how many times has morocco been to the world cup
Who wanted to unite all of the Germans all over the area?
Which reason was given for the latest waxwork?
what time do they stop selling alcohol in salt lake city
approximately how many complete revolutions does the moon make around earth each month
where does because of mr. terupt take place
New Haven contains one of largest religious service organization in the world, it's name?
where are the italian alps located in italy
Eclipse weakens sun god because of an encounter with what?
who wrote the poem do not go gently into that good night
What language was the second half of the Bible originally written in ?
What do historians try to piece together from pre-Western environments?
where did helicopter collide
Who started the first investment bank in Qatar?
who played the lead role in to kill a mockingbird
what services will run
Who was arrested?
how many employees does knotts berry farm have
Who is the source that says a resolution may be at hand?
what part of a spark plug breaks glass
How  many people were killed in bombing?
What does the movie examine?
how much does the prime minister of australia earn
What name did the attacker assume?
What sector provides key communication services?
what is the name of the airport in long island ny
who is woody Harrelson?
What is the name of the war monument located at the peak of East Rock?
who plays petyr baelish in game of thrones
Have habits shifted?
What was William Miller's life span?
What tool is often used in measuring the thickness of paper?
In what way does she like to shop?
what is in a pumpkin spice latte at starbucks
When did the Aryan culture begin its expansion?
What are these test (level testing) typically grouped by?
When was Diaz Jr. elected?
who came up with the big five personality theory
What year was the Second Treaty of Thorn enacted?
when did pokemon omega ruby and alpha sapphire come out
How many overseas territories does Britain still have?
When did Hua Tuo die?
What ambassador is being expelled by Chavez?
Where was he and his family holidaying
british colombia is due north of what state
What was the Ottoman Empire's struggle against in the Crimean War?
what type of red wine is pinot noir
What did the Imperial Japanese Navy Wakamiya conduct in September 1914?
where was the hatfields and mccoys mini series filmed
The Propaganda Due Lodge was also know as what?
How is a vacuum created inside of a manual water pump?
Who spoke to CNN's Todd Benjamin?
When was Klose's strike?
Who scored goal for AC Milan's 1-0 victory against Fiorentina?
What did she say in 2008?
where does the train go from st ives
who would take over if president and vice president dies
what is an eye in hand maids tale
which came first silent hill game or movie
Who succeeded King Farouk?
where are the gangs found
what does he ask
Where does its name come from?
what are the purpose of the federalist papers
What would the proposal force states to do?
What has vampire literature inspired?
how many official languages are listed in the constitution of india
who plays the police officer in pretty little liars
who makes the blades for dollar shave club
What percentage of the Taínos were dead thirty years after contact with Columbus?
who took the photo of the flag raising on iwo jima
What state is checking addresses?
What towns are reeling from earthquake?
When did Morocco break up the terror network?
nba players who won mvp as a rookie
What is the most commonly seen species?
Whats the different names of the show?
There is another part of the face which gets its red color from the pigment pheomelanin, what is it?
When did Julius Caesar return to Rome?
when did the first fleet arrived in aus
What type of orthox men often grow beards and always wear black?
When was the arrest made?
what symbol displayed on ambulances was replaced with the star of life in the 1970 's
where was the 1968 planet of the apes filmed
What is the point of using different colors on a heat map?
who sings i left something turned on at home
Which month marks the start of a Premier League season?
What did they say?
Where were the 40th, 3rd, and 6th divisions massed at in China?
Where is Fernando Torres from?
When was the change to ASCII made official?
who had the the slave labor camp?
who played lestat in interview with a vampire
Which crown did the King of Scotland inherit in 1603?
where are the crumple zones located in a car
How can hunting actually increase the population of predators?
Who represents Puerto Rico in Congress?
what episode does sister jude sing the name game
Where was Stancza kidnapped from?
What was Doud Eisenhower's nickname?
What changes impressed Gaddafi in Egypt?
What is the best means of estimating the historical growth of character inventory?
What does a hot object in equilibrium absorb as much as it emits?
Who are the Yale colleges named after?
when did season 19 of big brother start
How many major hospitals are in Detroit?
What inclusion helps readers and critics understand the motivation behind the compiler?
northwestern school of education and social policy ranking
when do new episodes of puppy dog pals come out
 For what trading company did Kelsey work?
number of states in the south during civil war
purpose of consumer legislation in relation to retail
who illustrate the original copy of indian constitution
What is the name of the president of Honduras?
what did pilot do?
who has scored the most tries in nrl history
where is the deepest point in the mediterranean sea
Which Greek song cycle expresses the life of the Greeks?
what is the salary of us cabinet members
How many Cherokee-owned black slaves were also relocated between 1838 and 1839?
by whom is compiled list coast of Florida International University
when does gardians of the galaxy 2 come out
What would create an operator with combined revenues of over $20 billion ?
What is the climate like on the summits?
By what year was indigo was a leading export for the Lowcountry?
What are UTAs?
From what did this new princedom emerge from?
what does mucus do in the respiratory system
Which church has had a large influence over Galicia since the Middle Ages?
Has the violence in Burma decreased over the years as the country has tried made democratic strides ?
What was the cause of death on Chopin's death certificate?
What forces does the Al-Shaabab group want to oust?
Who were prominent critics of optimality theory?
what is the currency in south africa called
si unit of pressure is pascal which is equal to
who is the secretary of the department of justice
What were the cardinals assigned? 
when was the last time somebody went to the moon
How many Members of Parliament are from London?
where is arachidonic acid stored in the body
What did panel recommend?
how many episodes are going to be in season 14 of greys anatomy
when do you use overdrive on a truck
why is southern ireland not part of great britain
What is the German word for Daylight Saving Time?
What is the percentage of of phantom pain felt by lower limb amputees?
who played kevin a series of unfortunate events
who fought on both sides of the revolutionary war
How did John offend the local Irish rulers?
Where did mutiny erupt?
what type of song is cant help falling in love
where does most of america 's energy come from
what do they share
Who shared Leibniz's view that thermal energy consisted of random motion of the constituent parts of matter?
What is the least available colour?
How were viewers able to determine who endorsed political campaign ads, they saw in advertisements??
For how many years has the vault manager been woring for Jacmel Jewelry ?
when was the letter j added to english
Where did the weapon turn up?
why is windows explorer called a file manager
Who is Nancy Pelosi?
outstanding debut by a british writer director or producer
What is the number of vaccines available by the company?
What was the location the body was found?
Which term did the new constitution allow Sassou to pursue?
What groups of organisms are closely related to each other?
What stle was the Iglesia Punta Carretas built in?
who scored most premier league goals in one season
Who is Craig Shoemaker?
what was the unilateral declaration of independence in southern rhodesia in 1965
where is the colorado school of mines located
who did ryan gosling play on mickey mouse
who has more power chief of staff or secretary of state
What is the kidnappers name?
who conducted experiments to determine how much earth weighs
By functioning within a single, what is the system?
who invented the first practical typewriter and the qwerty keyboard still in use today
When was the Gallipoli Campaign?
who played in the 2014 world cup final
How many rivers travel through Kathmandu?
Where do newspapers sell better?
Who heads the Directorate?
Was this an inside job?
When will the investigators stop looking for the flight recorders?
how many times has duke won the final four
What government agency asked Marvel to do a series of stories to publicize an issue?
who is the shortest man that ever lived
How many deaths have been linked to the outbreak?
How many babies were killed?
When did the Archaemenid Empire collapse?
what was the dq for
What did Commission say?
Who offers the comforts of superyachts?
Which blog went viral last week?
When did the Delhi Sultanate decline in its rule of northern India?
how long was is career?
how fast does a bean bag gun shot
How many kids travelled to Africa
where the assault took place?
Whose bodies were discovered Monday?
What is a mathematical tool used for organizing intervals of time?
where in florida was this at
What did the priest say at the celebration?
what school is he a professor at
who are the judges for season 25 of dancing with the stars
who says what in which channel to whom with what effect
What is ukiyo-e an example of?
Which invention resulted in more widespread use of the printed word?
What general provided material to the Republic of Korea and evacuated US nationals?
Who did Henry marry?
What score did Mark Kermode give Spectre?
What did children roll in a factory?
in the metric system the prefix micro - denotes
Who did William Parente kill?
when does the next new episode of supernatural air
How many people have been killed?
What is it about prehistoric hunter-gatherers that impresses Shultziner?
In what time period did Nanjing transform from a producer to more of a consumer city?
What was the name of Destiny Child's third album?
who played ted mosby in how i met your mother
What language was used in official communications by the government of Libya?
What is exaggerated or downplayed in the film?
Judge wouldn't allow what?
Guatama discovered the middle path before his what?
spain and portugal divide the world between them in
What were the girls?
who played paul in monarch of the glen
According to Kashmir Shaivism, what is the goal in belief?
Approximately how many tech sector jobs are in New York City?
what was dogs name in smokey and the bandit
who played swifty morgan in support your local gunfighter
who 's playing in the 2017 nfl hall of fame game
How many meters above sea is Mexico City?
What happened to Brehm?
Who has brought the civil suit
Vipassana meditation can reveal how the mind was what?
woman who plays pepper in american horror story
What caused Eisenhower's stroke of 1957?
What was required of a LaserDisc to continue playback after 60 minutes?
What is available for rent?
Who bought the Expo line from Southern Pacific?
who votes for president if no electoral college majority
Where was their opposition?
what does the blue pill do in the matrix
What is the name of the Spectre assassin who tracks Bond?
congress is on it's what during August?
What does mark end of Wichita's reputation?
Where were the deadly attacks?
who is the famous composer from angono who is also a national artist
how far is hadrian 's wall from the scottish border
what were the years of us involvement in the vietnam war
when does season 5 of the blacklist start
Are they still searching for the plane?
What is the precedent for the "Second Hundred Year's War?
who conferred mahatma gandhi with the title mahatma
What year's poll of supporters said that the Tottenham rivalry was greatest?
What type of medium is provided for a specific agent in a microbial culture?
In which type of warfare did the French best utilize the Chassepot?
which language has the largest number of speakers in the world
what does the word redemption mean in the bible
What word do they use in Poland for an institute of technology?
who discover the occurrence of oil in assam
who sings the song at the end of fellowship of the ring
The name "ApocalyPS3" combines "PS3" with what other word?
What color are the socks traditionally worn in England's away kits?
who plays the voice of andy in toy story 3
how many sessions are there in a term of congress
who does the voice of louise in bob burgers
Which language has a word for "green" that is comparable to a Mongolian word for "meadow"?
what is the title for the latest release in the mortal kombat franchise
who is richard mccroskey
who plays taylor on the bold and the beautiful
how much money did it cost to make oceans 8
Who won five grammys?
the largest state of india ( area wise ) is
How many years does the term of a Richmond city council representative last?
Under what circumstances are Oppidan Scholarships awarded?
How many public employees are there?
what are two duties of the us secret service
where is dunn 's river falls located in jamaica
According to the teaching of the Catholic religion is a savior for the world needed ?
What months does the Governor's cup take place?
when did the live action scooby doo come out
who is the present speaker of lok sabha 2018
how many thumbs up approval messages does the page have?
When was the shooting rampage?
UK aid had risen to how much in the same period?
What world record is held by Eritrean athlete Zersenay Tadese?
What did the Japanese cut?
when was the ten pound pom scheme introduced
how many types of poison dart frogs are there
when did the first apple ipod come out
Politicians who were at the end of their political careers were offered what kind of position with companies they were involved with politically?
who met with Brazil?
What products from China did Europeans want?
when did the atlanta falcons become a team
What is the study of plants and the environment in which they live?
who has the most gold gloves in mlb history
How hard to treat bacteria cells in a passive state?
what network has little house on the prairie
What period was known for an era where Iranian civilization blossomed and peaked?
Who's bombing program did Goring abandon in 1939? 
who is the girl from brenda 's got a baby
Who founded Christie's
what is the name of the most famous sheep in australia
who starred in the jazz singer with neil diamond
where was the movie yours mine and ours filmed
What happened to Christopher Glatz?
what will reduce sale of gm cars?
what is the literal meaning of the term psychology
What was wrong with the Judge's ruling?
How long has Kashmir been a source of bitter dispute?
what there is no comprehensive U.S. plan ?
Where was the first Baptist church located in Canada?
Who now headed the civil and military authorities?
What cyclone badly damaged Funafuti?
where does discovery fit in star trek timeline
What is the name of Comcast's channel available to subscribers in east coast markets?
who was the only female prime minister of canada
What was included on the first iPod?
what is the meaning of the name pankaj
What cable news channel is based in New York?
who is the actor who plays jamie in outlander
Whose energy levels are lower than the electrons in the electroluminescence process?
What was the location of the beginning of the Olympic torch route in Australia?
when did ben stone leave law and order
What sporting events take place?
What is the term for play stopped because the ball carrier, although not fully tackled, can no longer advance the ball?
A Dubai police official says
The Lunar Module of the Apollo 11 was named after what animal?
when did the south declare war on the north
when did the spanish settle in the new world
Who attacked Rob Knox?
who plays bill turner in pirates of the caribbean
who discovered the sun was the center of the solar system
What period was covered by the statistical update index released in December of 2008?
In what year was the AFL founded?
Sanskrit came from the north west and traveled to what present day countries?
last team to win back to back nrl premierships
Who will they play in final?
How many people were injured in clashes?
On what levels does change occur?
How long did the operation in Gaza in November last?
What was most unpopular affect of the war with civilians ?
who plays lori loughlin 's husband on garage sale mystery
Which city did the Dutch East-India Company decide to reside in after a court decided they could legally only operate in one city?
What is the album title?
the study of the structure of the body is known as
who does the mom marry in mamma mia
Moving the writer toward the reader would be an example of what type of translation method?
who wrote i will always love you by whitney houston
When was South Korea's constitution created?
Protesters broke the windshield of what vehicle?
Who wants to generate solar power?
What ship captain described daily leaf movements?
What former president's supporters are set to be executed?
which is the name of University?
What was the decision regarding the motion to re-count the votes, after each House finalized their debates?
What is Mraz's first name?
where is i know what you did last summer set
where will this race
Drivers who live in a given zone reduce the cost of their congestion charge by means of what?
Who seized Stanford Group banks?
what is the game of thrones theme song
Who will be impeached?
when is season 5 brooklyn nine nine coming out
movie where guy ca n 't make new memories
who played robert 's father in law on everybody loves raymond
What is the age of the Hutu man?
who are armed with tasers
who declared publicly that he is gay?
What bill did he broke that promise with?
Who did Bell endorse in 2004?
What was found nearby?
who is june moss
What is something that is used to control solar heating and cooling?
Who is fighting?
What type of whales were once common in Norfolk Island, but hardly any remain today?
who has the most grammys of all time
What shape does the east end of French chapels typically have?
What is undergoing a review?
An activist in the Arab spring said they were using Facebook to what?
who sings the nfl thursday night football song
What would the Democrats' plan do?
the student movement that began at the university of california at berkeley in 1964
What is the minimum distance the asteroid will pass by the earth?
Who called 911 when Caylee went missing?
when were workers murdered?
what is the follow up for motorolas xoom tablet
Where was the process to turn carbon dioxide from air into liquid fuel developed?
who have the packers beat in the super bowl
How many times have the Yankees won the World Series?
Animals with a spine are called what?
when did season 6 of voltron come out
Who is the Iranian president?
Which seven countries are the operations being conducted in?
When will the report be discussed?
What will money be used for?
Which version of the spelling of Hanover does the local Government use on English websites?
when did the museum of the american revolution open
Where were Augustus Chapman Allen and John Kirby Allen from?
Who claimed these reports as being inaccurate?
What type of colony did Chinese armies use to help firm their hold on the strongholds that they had taken over?
Where will treatment be administered?
How many restaurants can be accessed within a two block radius of New Haven Green?
What were the original boundaries?
Who is Palin meeting on the sidelines?
who has the most championships in the nba team
What is he now open to?
How many others were indicted alongide Bergrin?
Where is Maradona staying?
rubisco can use -- -- -- -- or co2 as a substrate
barney in how i met your mother real name
In what year was the ArenaBowl first played at a neutral location?
who is the singer of kamli song in dhoom 3
How many hours of real-time battery life did the 5th-generation iPod test at, compared to its advertised 14 hours?
who played in the 1996 afl grand final
President Lee Myung-Bak donated how much to charity?
How long a rhythm were researchers able to sustain in the in vitro experiment?
Locke's theory of natural rights influenced what French document?
the term used to refer to the official approval of the constitution by the states
who won the nba season mvp this year
when was the first year neco examination took place
How many people were trapped in the ruins of the Caribbean Supermarket?
The next layer's surface-to-air missiles are carried by what?
Where did the MDNA Tour start?
In what year was IBM's first equal opportunity policy letter published?
What do new agreements ban?
What did Clinton accuse Obama of?
Who is second-placed?
In what year did Rothko donate Passion of Christ murals?
What region's post-punk scene incorporated ideas from Theater of Cruelty?
What are the charges?
What is the name of the drug rehab center for youth?
What was the reason for Abdul Falah al-Sudani resigning?
Who plays Davies
Who undertook translating Plato's works to Latin?
where does the tour de france race end
holiday inn is part of what hotel chain
What is the mission set of the Air Force called that includes nuclear strike operations? 
the number on kiss me thru the phone
What do these critics argue couldn't have been intended by the framers of the constitution?
What publication includes Christian AC with its format charts?
Who has refused to grant a via?
What was one single from Queen's Innuendo that charted in the UK?
who did lexi date on grey 's anatomy
Who attempted to assassinate the Queen?
who did the st louis rams beat in the super bowl
How many Iberian lynx remained?
When were the coins minted?
How are the selected cars then readied for passengers? 
what are people using
Amount of exits the basement home had?
The pitch ratio between any two successive notes is?
How large was the fleet that attacked the Bithynian coast along with the Pecheneg allies?
What was the army veteran trying to expunge by going to Iraq?
How long will Grooverider be in jail for?
What age is Vance?
Of what ancestry are most Marshall Islands citizens?
who won so yiu think you can dance
How many people died in the conflict that was mentioned?
who sings tell me about the good old days
What was he convicted of in 1996?
Affluent American families are what type of families?
What don't Officials know?
Who is the lehman adminstrator?
who wrote the night the lights went out in georgia
where did the term d day come from
How much is 100 million dollars in Zimbabwe's currency worth?
what does the red stripe american flag mean
What manner of building codes are there in China?
who is the philippine president that proclaimed the month of august as the national language month
Which person  was the most influential in beginning the movement with is three dimensional forms?
What coats uranium metal in air?
who played piper in orange is the new black
What dialect is considered a sister language to Dutch?
Which locations need attention?
What type of bison herd can be viewed?
when do they play sweet caroline at the red sox games
When was the area incorporated into Northumbria?
Where is the Coconut Beetle native to?
Who has a cancerous tumor?
What was the verdict for Cpl. Trent D. Thomas?
highest run scorer of under 19 world cup 2018
who invented the latitude and longitude grid system
Who was Secretary of State in 1957?
where did the last name taylor come from
What did Lucas have to say about it all?
Who makes the 6-inch doll?
when did text messaging start in the us
as a result of the reforms of cleisthenes the government of athens
what is available digitally on Itunes as an LP?
who was shot by husband
term for a word that has two meanings
When did the violence and political turmoin erupted?
In which year did Newcastle United pay £15 million to transfer Alan Shearer to their club?
What was Berkeley's ethnicity?
what is the current national circulation of the wall street journal
When will the well be shut off?
Who is the record points scorer?
Where are madaris considered less desirable?
How much drinking water is produced by Israel's desalination programs?
How did the person die?
What is Madonna's second album?
The regulations pertain to emissions from utilities, manufacturing plants, and what other entity?
What service was able to search and play youtube videos as of 2008?
who wins the men 's royal rumble 2018
who made call of duty black ops 2
What award did Madonna win for the film Evita?
where does money from the lottery come from
who has the first overall pick in the nfl draft
Are immune tissues typically fixed with specific organs usually?
Where has the mass grave been dug?
Why are luminescent light sources not ideal for photography?
What did police officer's superiors confirm?
What public figure defended New York in January 2016?
when did america first land on the moon
Where is Claus von Bulow living?
What is Pittsburgh's new focus?
Who was one of Apollo's male lovers?
when does season 2 of luke cage come out
When did Yusuf converted to Islam?
how many seasons are there for the carrie diaries
when will love yourself answer be released on itunes
did the court say anything
What factors are affecting it?
describe how soil damage due to salinity could be reduced
What was Barcelona's revenue in 2010?
Who is the Department of the Air Force managed by?
what layer of earth do convection currents occur
when do the huskies play in the fiesta bowl
In what language did the educated Indian speak?
who oversees all of the federal reserve banks
What are the two Latin equivalents of the Greek term "Theokotos?"
When was Ezra Stiles president of Yale?
what is markup as it relates to congress
Who won first Test of the series?
How many people were killed by sharks last year?
What did the extra data John Couch Adams received produce? 
What is the name of the claimant?
Onyewu is the first American to do what?
who plays the narrator in a series of unfortunate events
What happened to Libya's laws as a result of the first point of Gaddafi's speech?
How much does hand washing reduce the chances of disease?
Who was executed on March 30, 1960?
What was the population of Oklahoma city in 2014?
What did the seven employees do?
who is the chief justice of the supreme court now
who starred in the streets of san francisco
What number of Haitians have crossed the border?
who was the movie american gangster based on
Where was Feyman sent after his work at Los Alamos?
What did Clinton say about cyber attack?
who wrote when i get where im going
who does gossip girl turn out to be
What body enforced pubs' closing hours under the Defence of the Realm Act?
who has won the most mens grand slams
What is a problem one might encounter when using a portable antenna?
What is "subspecies" used to indicate an objective degree of?
who wrote the song the ballad of lucy jordan
who has made 127 appearances?
Who is Mayor of NY?
What style of claim did Romans favor as a link to the gods?
who is involved in the world health organization
What did Putin downplay rumors of?
what is the full meaning of nscdc in nigeria
Where is the official Texas bison herd?
Whose speech was Obama's speech similar to?
when is the peach bowl played this year
What did NAATO say?
who wrote the songs in simon and garfunkel
Where was the french ship?
In what year did Eisenhower propose his second civil rights act?
what are molecules known as before an enzyme converts them
when was the first toyota land cruiser made
Who got Visas?
how many senators are there in united states
what are the basic concept of financial accounting
US law regards trade secrets as what kind of right?
according to the authorities, what is a "cleanup"?
who was the chairman of the drafting committee of the constituent assembly
when will the new $ 20 bill be released
who was the 45th president of the us
who has scored the highest number of runs in test cricket
most goals scored in champions league game by one player
Were any people in the church when it exploded?
Who is she in a custody battle with?
Who remained in the capital until August 5, 1865?
when did geometry dash sub zero come out
what is the reason given
what types of elements are involved in covalent bonding
What is the favorite prey of leatherback sea turtles?
What pub was associated with Samuel Johnson, perhaps erroneously?
what is the age of the oldest living person on earth
How many years did it take Blu-ray and HD-DVD players to duplicate MUSE technology?
How soon after the earthquake was Premier Wen Jiabao on his way to the area?
What did Dell enjoy from 1997 to 2004?
who wrote ghost riders in the sky lyrics
an empire in west africa that became a powerful state
What is the term for the belief that species have a tendency to change and adapt in a certain direction?
How many pieces can be found in the Yerevan National Art Gallery?
what is the population of siloam springs arkansas
What individual became more powerful during the late Republic?
when was the last pow released from vietnam
when is ark survival evolved coming out for xbox one
when do you have the right to remain silent
Who was given permission to search attendees of the relay?
What did Ray do before King's death?
who played jesse 's mother on full house
What is the most common source of new genes in eukaryotic lineages?
who plays vincent van gogh in loving vincent
In the 1970 s what developer built high rises in downtown Houston?
who was feeding the rats to the walkers
Who wrote that beauty consists in the proportion not of the elements?
who played the queen in the movie queen elizabeth
What's the sixth form college named after a person?
who wrote much too young to feel this old
what is the suspects nickname
actor who plays george in grey 's anatomy
How long has he been president?
What relationship do Al Qaeda and ISIS now have?
What's the term for bacillus that can be exposed to acidic solutions without losing their stains?
What is the name of the largest Marksmen's Fun Fair in the world?
What's there no immediate word of?
What did they condemn?
What did the study find?
what is the meaning of the name leila
who wrote do n 't step on my blue suede shoes
What were the words Chopin wrote to a friend when he was alone and homesick?
What group divided the world into two parts?
Why is this specific antenna type used?
where does a digital camera store its pictures
when did the japanese river otter become extinct
who appoints the governor and deputy governors of rbi
Where was the Ptolemaic Kingdom located?
Who is at risk?
Where is the Veterans Affairs Hospital located?
What bacteria is an exception to single circular chromosome rule?
Why were the shelters soon abandoned in 1940? 
who did the art for do n 't starve
When did Bongo take power?
The Marine Corps withdrew several other charges, including rape of a child
when did billy joel sing just the way you are
Who was recently quarantined?
what did the agency say
what is the term for a leavened arabic flat bread
What are developeers creating?
Where are the TImberwolves based?
who is being held?
when was devil in the white city written
who did james best play on the andy griffith show
when did the modern civil rights movement begin
what is the process of scattering seeds by hand known as
What is thought that circadian rhythm evolved to protect?
What are hallmarks of Leigh's films?
What scale is used by most Somali songs?
How long had Karadzic been on the run for?
What did T.I. do two days before his prison term started?
Where was there a suicide bombing that killed a police officer?
how many advance auto parts stores are there
When do movies rented through this marketplace expire?
What incorrect term for the indigenous population originated with Christopher Columbus? 
What month did Chopin's piano arrive?
Who formally retired from the US Navy?
how many percent
When is Martin Luther King Jr. Day?
When did Yeltsin acquire a seat on the Supreme Soviet?
What was Nick's coronation song?
is there a warning at southeastern Orage County?
what was the arms race in world war 1
What is an example of a solar distillation design?
Who think Scientology is a cult?
where did a river runs through it take place
Where is Egypt planning to build is first nuclear power plant?
Ag3Cu is one intermetallic that tin forms; what's the other one?
what is the role of the texas education agency
who wrote the song the windmills of your mind
who is the acting commissioner of social security
where does the henderson last name come from
who has the most steals in the nba
Who do they accuse of supplying weaponry?
where do i find the edition of a book
who is the master of the household buckingham palace
whos the voice of mother in alien covenant
who won the shc all-ireland final in 2016
What is the name of the newspaper that was banished from Burma?
where does the shoulder girdle attached to the axial skeleton
how many versions of the ipad air are there
What primary difference was there between the NAAL and Delta study that made comparisons difficult?
When was 'Bonfire of the Vanities' published?
Who did he beat to win?
where did the doctor get his mobile emitter
When was the Porcelain Tower destroyed?
What was never anticipated?
When did they start in Darfur?
who did denver beat in the super bowl
What was he indicted for?
Where will Virgin Racing be competing in?
who sings the hook on i ai n 't mad at cha
who is his father?
Least populates areas of Utrecht 
What was the name of the first synthetic bacterial drug?
who is the actor that plays jax in sons of anarchy
Who could earn billions building plants in India?
Which type of farm is the purported animal abuse taking place at?
on which date south africa become a democratic republic
What event occurs on New Year's Eve?
when was the last time england reached the semifinals of the world cup
How many clubs where in the football league? 
when was the last time galway won the hurling all ireland
What organization ranked the University of Southampton in the top 80 universities worldwide in 2010?
What does the crowd repeatedly chant?
What was the Assoc. for Public Art called in the past?
Who directed the killings?
What type of content is it?
Can Democrats win the black vote?
Proto-Slavic developed numerous lexical and morphophonological isoglosses with what languages?
who had a hit with up up and away in 1968
How large were the donations from the program?
when did season 1 of the walking dead start
who wrote the book the shape of water
Who scored the goals?
What outlook developed the creation of the university system?
What did King Farouk restore after the demonstrations?
who is adriana in daddy 's home 2
Who  identified Amelda Hunter?
Which country was invaded by the U.S. in October 2001?
What race were the bodies found?
What ws the final day of the 19th Party Conference?
how many stars does the american flag has
What has Jon and Kate Gosselin's break-up been like?
Who is Jean-Claude Duvalier?
Reader's Digest included To Kill a Mockingbird in what program of theirs?
5 . name the members of the un security council who have power of veto
What were the early interactions between First Nations and Europeans?
Who hosted the forum?
which is the first film of kareena kapoor
who wrote shawn mendes nothing holdin me back
who changed his party enrolment this week
who sang whoa we 're going to barbados
What is one cause of dielectric losses in a capacitor?
who won the ramon magsaysay award this year from india
Who was on the crew?
Why did the city not grow during the Civil War?
who sang i 'll be there for you friends
who played violet in saved by the bell
Eugen Bohm was friends with which of Hayek's grandfathers?
where does blood leaving the left ventricle go
What did the French call evolutionism?
who were the backup singers for elvis presley
What does Howard advise?
Who said Joe! Joe"?
which city is 30 miles from the border?
fertilisation occurs in which part of fallopian tube
who sang lead on almost cut my hair
who won 4th place?
when does season 5 of the blacklist return
In what case can a countout and disqualification be done away with entirely? 
who sang vocals on while my guitar gently weeps
What was the tribute for?
What is the usual condition of precipitation in the Antarctic?
What cut short the Sumerian Renaissance in the 21st century BC?
where is survivor heros vs hustlers vs healers filmed
when was tobacco sponsorship of sport banned in australia
where does congress get its power to protect authors and inventors
What happened with the IOC?
How are the results simplified when using the SASO?
What happened to loyal Roman Catholicism priests?
By how many points does Rossi currently lead the world championship?
who won the national championship in college football in 2016
Who faces nine charges?
who played lisa 's sister in coming to america
What is vital to U.S. in Afghanistan war?
Who did Moore marry?
What caused the spread to Kansas and New York?
Who visited the White House on Bush's last night as president?
How many factories does Egyptian military have?
when did the new mama mia come out
What number died?
On what date did the NTC announce Gaddafi's burial?
Which country did Eden conspire with to cause an attack on Egypt?
What was the name of the later military organization that the Armée d'Angleterre formed the foundation of?
Who caused the destruction in Yusufiyah?
When does the engraving take place? 
what are the four original ivy league schools
What is Robert Osborne by profession?
What number of people are missing?
what time can you buy liquor in missouri on sunday
Where is the highest point in the British Isles?
Which governor will seek the seat?
Who  says Verizon Wireless employee accessed billing records?
what us channel is the fa cup final on
in which part of the web browser can you type the website address
what college has produced the most nfl quarterbacks
What dance was created at the Moulin Rouge?
When was Vieri's professional debut?
What do people with a high quality of African descent classify themselves as?
How many journalists were killed?
What is the children's agency of the United Nations Organization?
what movie is holding out for a hero from
who decides the winner of america 's got talent
Who was the former chairman of Pharmacia?
Why were the schools inspected?
What did Alonso de Salazar call the island that he saw?
when did the song copperhead road come out
who sings if its meant to be song
What country has a tradition of training bears to perform tricks?
When did the new development of a stateless society come about?
When did the mandolin's poplarity rebound?
who sings there is nothing holding me back
What can classified as data differencing with empty source data?
What act restricted the scope of federal habeas corpus?
In Hegel's thought, what inner reality is possessed by both subject and object?
where is playa del carmen located in mexico
How many tonnes can the Queen Elizabeth class ships displace?
What is the name of the homeless woman?
What is the term for nociceptors which respond to more than one type of stimuli?
What did Michael Jackson love?
What did Michelle Obama talk about?
What hotel is adjacent to the Atlantic City Convention Center?
How old did biblical scholars think the Earth was?
What was the law called that let people be immune to prosecution?
what age was Gotbaum when she died?
When was the original Grecian constitution formed ?
when did the nebraska state fair move to grand island
who plays the headteacher in st trinians 2
Where is the bar to try a custom cocktail?
dynasty that gave birth to holy roman empire
who says company paid women less and promoted them less?
how did the atlanta falcons owner make his money
what was the supreme courts ruling in the dred scott case
What Hanoverian leader lost the Battle of Hastenbeck?
who won women 's singles at wimbledon 2017
what the soldier's father says?
How many ways did the Vedantins have of gaining knowledge?
when did new york jets win a superbowl
Who was one of the "25 Fittest Guys in the World?
Why can't some memories be held onto forever?
What did the emir say?
In what year did Suleiman die?
who was ernest t bass on the andy griffith show
How many troops will be sent?
what is the meaning of chinese sky lanterns
what genre is clifford the big red dog
What area exceeded 1 million people in 2015?
What does the suit say about the defendants?
In what year was home brewing first allowed in the UK?
the cast of the big valley tv show
Along with the Senussi, who was purged from the military?
who fired on official car?
Where does he operate?
What do off-grid PV systems use to store excess electricity?
Where is the British Cemetery Montevideo located?
The mechanical action of what allows insects t make sound?
What were the working conditions described as for the children employed at home?
who was the kid in young guns 2
who sang holding out for a hero in shrek 2
As of 2002, how many births were attended by skilled health personnel in Eriterea?
Brown says what?
what did Merz witness as a boy?
who played kit in league of their own
when does my friend dahmer movie come out on netflix
who plays ridge in the bold and the beautiful
where is serotonin released from in the brain
How many CIA operatives were killed?
The seaport of Taganrog is near what port city?
does the ivory coast qualify?
What bacteria taints the fruits?
who sings true detective season 1 theme song
What age were children able to take part in European training programs?
Who is reviewing Randon's case?
where is the angel oak in south carolina
who owns the encore hotel in las vegas
What number died in Kashmir?
Huge downpours flood where?
where do they film wicked tuna outer banks
who sings the song out of my head
What is the plan?
where does the cuckoo bird lay its eggs
What was one of the first things that the newly-elected Dwight Eisenhower did after the election?
In what century was the Newer Orthography created?
Which group of student were kept out of the bar?
Who offered to donate a kidney?
What do the doctors turn their home into?
Name of the representative for Colorado's Second district?
Where are the refugees from?
What was the reason Japan gave for the war?
how many times mumbai won ipl in 2018
what is the devils tower made out of
when was the fightin side of me written
Italian legend is closing in on?
What is nation doing to prepare for assualt?
Where is Barack Obama from?
What will the mayor continue to do?
How many administrator acussed?
What time will Gazprom cut gas supply?
Some have started to return to where?
Who urged Liu Bang to become emperor?
Where are they fighting?
What athlete won Tuvalu's first gold metal in competition? 
what did the clean air act allow citizens to do that no previous u.s. environmental law had allowed
what is the name of the first app to enable peer to peer payments with facebook
when did the last world war i veteran die
state the longitudinal value in degrees of indian standard time
What activities from these mammals will likely affect   habitat areas?
What was the result of the fury of Europe?
What country were three children hospitalized in after swallowing large quantities of beads?
What is the reason behind the discrepancy in female promotions?
What are the ages of Laura Lundquist and Elizabeth Barrow?
What was Austria not willing to give up to settle the conflict?
How many pipelines were sabotaged?
Name of the U.S. President?
what issues will be front and center?
how fast is the bullet train in japan
Who visits the band during a video shoot?
What was Carnivore renamed to?
What amount of energy must a capacitor contain in order to be generally considered dangerous? 
What does Afghan law appear to let a man do?
Which congregation is in charge of the Old College at Notre Dame?
When was the attack?
Where was the CNN viewer from?
Tibetan Buddhists have not even translated most of the what?
What have they pledged it to?
What is another term for uranium that is enriched?
How close was time guessed in the day of the Gospels?
What did the suspect have?
who won the first bbc sports personality of the year
who sang in the movie the greatest showman
one of rousseau 's important writing on political philosophy
Was Princess Diana remembered as Entirely genuine?
Who may be charged for pillaging state coffers?
Where was the performance?
what happened to nurse jane on call the midwife
In what country did The European renaissance begin?
who was stabbed?
when the british fired on chesapeake in june 1807 congress
when did the philadelphia eagles last win the super bowl
who killed hotchner 's wife in criminal minds
Where did the people in Palisades Park come from?
Which banks collapsed?
Who did Polanski marry?
who sang the that so raven theme song
when was the last time the dbacks went to the playoffs
is sicily a country or part of italy
When was the all time high set?
Who bred resentment?
For what reason was the Defense Secretary fired?
The Holiday Festival of Lights are held where?
when is crossing over most likely to occur
Which singer was arrested in Istanbul?
What does the measure do?
According to whom has "Sex and the City" been a dream?
What does dell call the feature that lets USB drives to remain powered when the computer is off?
Tito was awarded with the Royal Order of what country?
when will transformers the last night be released on dvd
where does the last name hanes come from
when does once upon a time in venice come out
what country decided to support america because of the victory at saratoga
Who won the contest?
What marks end of Ramadan?
What does Zimbabwe face?
who is known as the father of the science
What charities are experiencing increased visibility?
What type of scandal is he involved in?
what is area code 01446 in the uk
who played mr. kotter in welcome back kotter
how many minutes are in a professional soccer game
What was the pilot doing before the crash?
How many protestors were killed in the demonstration?
How did maps show Africa Before 1880?
who did signed an accession treaty in December to join the EU?
Who feels "emptiness" every Mother's Day?
who plays terry 's brother in law on brooklyn 99
what is the area code for cincinnati ohio
Who is in her eighth final?
who is the actor who plays quinn on homeland
What charges does he face?
who was head of the fbi in 2016
what types of workers are typically paid a wage and perform manual labor
What has to be controlled?
where is insulin stored in the human body
When did Destiny's Child get their star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame?
whos the girl in major lazer lean on
what is the domino theory in the cold war
What did a bomber crew need to do for a good chance at evasion?
what is the name given to the rows in the periodic table
who are hungry
How did deputies represent al-Mahdi?
who created the first open source operating system
when is the new call of duty game coming out
What purpose does the National Archive YouTube channel serve?
what forces sailors to turn back?
What is the name of the popular tourist destination?
What did The European renaissance mark?
What character did Woody Harrelson play in the zombie movie?
Is the University of Melbourne a public or private institution?
Who faces discrimination?
who was cast into the lion 's den
What was built near Morovic for Tito to use in the event of his recovery?
What term do some use to mean population, clade, or haplogroup?
how did the great lakes st lawrence seaway influence the development of cities in the region
What was the name of the yacht the Yugoslav president had at his disposal?
who is the actor that plays richard castle
When did the Papal States exist?
addison disease is caused by hyposecretion of hormones from the
Which two Protestant churches, along with the Roman Catholic and Orthodox churches, believe that Mary is the Mother of God?
who were the two opposing sides in the american revolution
In what year did the land boom reach its peak of development?
When was the plane sent over?
whaat is the name of the art
What would need to be investigated to determine how much power was radiated?
who owns the car from the movie christine
Who led the funeral procession?
What year was the island evacuated due to an eruption?
what kind of gun did dirty harry carry
Where did the attack took place ?
What murder did he plead guilty to?
What is another name for Ibn Tufail?
in 1938 westinghouse created elektro . what was elektro
samuel de champlain provincial park nipissing district on
What includes homemade drawings?
What type of image was depicted on the van?
when was the last time eagles made it to super bowl
How many journalists are dead?
What does the sailor find tough
where was wizards of waverly place filmed in new york
Where was the crackdown?
who sparks controversy?
who plays adele webber on grey 's anatomy
What is the deadliest month for the forces?
What did the group declare?
What is the name of the solo exhibitions
who played bob and june on night court
What did Franklin say about Obama's presidency?
which river is known as ganga of madhya pradesh
How can the gene nomenclature be accessed? 
where was the setting for the 2008 award winning film slumdog millionaire
where are chrysler town and country vans made
requirements for being the president of the united states
What position was the teacher later given by the Holy Roman Church ?
When was the Federal Republic of Germany formed?
how many teams was dispatched
who invented the first hand held fire extinguisher
What was President Truman told at this meeting?
who stars in the movie i can only imagine
What does the media often avoid?
Who will have a complete special coverage of the latest developments?
how many orbits did cassini make around saturn
What did these teacher-dealers often conduct? 
when was the american federation of labor founded
How many times has KU won the national debate championship?
who did bush attack
What are the number of true atolls are in the Tuvalu islands?
What ocean is Miami adjacent to?
who does lucy hale play on pretty little liars
Who said he'll "act always in pursuit of the truth"?
What year was the extension to U.S. daylight savings proposed by the DST Coalition?
When is the decision to be announced?
who plays the voice of roberta on the cleveland show
when was the last time a&m beat lsu
Hugh of Lusignan was an important member of what?
What is the number of schools that have set up alliances?
who wrote the song hurt by nine inch nails
Is Egypt able to sustain just from its own energy production?
Who shows electric cars?
what time of year is hail most likely
what does police do
who managed liverpool when they won the champions league
When was the office of Priest Vicar created?
Who does the flyover?
George Washington once paid visit to Sherman's house, what year was this?
Where can Carrier account management systems be found?
where does the tube go in a colonoscopy
Are Islamic banks non-profit?
What type predatory lending method did Countrywide Financial use?
Where is Ganic wanted?
when may a non-capital sentence be considered to violate the 8th amendment
what scientists is credited with proposing the principle of uniformitarianism
What does a DCT do?
what does the policy undermine
Who recovered slowly after his brain injuries?
when do we celebrate father 's day in india
what type of boundary is the himalayan mountains
What items in Somalia are affected by inflation the most?
when the quake struck at?
How many students were executed in January of 1977?
What strain of bacteria was found?
What group in the Rajasthan region started to have internal disputes?
What was it that Seefried revealed
What does the first stage of puberty involve for males?
Who must approve presidential appointees to the Supreme Court?
Progressive house blended sounds were prominent in the song "Marry the Night" by what popular artist?
greatest number of tour de france stage wins
What year was the Olympic Games apparatus and events standardized?
What did Williams say should be done about Hopkins?
where is the mosaic covenant found in the bible
when did the game show chain reaction come out
How many Kindle readers have been sold?
where is the star of africa diamond kept
where vacation property
Who to address parliament Monday?
What doctors warned Maggie?
What institutions have been considered to take some its ideas from madaris?
Where is the programs being staged from?
How many Israelis live in urban areas?
Who introduced the idea that cells could be grown in vitro?
where is the 2026 world cup going to take place
where did the seven year war take place
how many generals does the us military have
when did rolling in the deep come out
What was superfluous 
who 's buried at forest lawn hollywood hills
who played lord humungus in mad max 2
What is the Park in Democratic Republic home to?
who is considered last possibility for democrats?
What were some amateur collectors duped into buying?
Can all bacteria in human body  be harmful?
When did they migrate to Israel?
Who was flown to Las Vegas hospital from Arizona jail?
what is a group of street musicians in mexico
In the last 40 years, how much has worldwide paper consumption risen?
Who owned the building at 29 East 32nd Street between 1890 and 1917?
What did the deputy director say Nobel was?
the most profitable video game of all time
As MPEG-2.5 is unofficial, it is considered what kind of extension to the MP3 format?
Who was convicted of bilking his mother?
One of Jehovah Witnesses' central teachings is that the world entered into its last days at what year?
In what year did the Ottomans destroy Limassol?
what episode does pam give birth to cece
What number of unresolved court cases does India have approximately?
What feud is being ratcheted up?
What base is a key military point
How much did the European Commission estimate the GDP growth for Eurozone countries would be in 2009?
How many times have police interviewed Murray?
Beyonce had singers in the background known by the name as?
What port was lost by the Ottoman empire as a result of the Treaty of Belgrade?
who has the highest batting average for a single season
What year was Bannerman Park opened?
when was the first combatives field manual written
how many kentucky players have won an nba championship
the set of all possible subsets of a set is called
What was the age of the shooter?
Who was placed in CPS custody?
What kind of projections are in the midgut wall?
Who did Estonia rebel against in 1343?
what is the latest episode of keeping up with the kardashians
Who wrote the book "One Fifth Avenue"?
What two songs were featured on the 1978 release by Leon Redbone in 78 rpm format?
on what countries are the most premature births?
What are the names of the two central promenades around which New Delhi is structured?
What Sheriff's office should you call if you have tips?
Who is considering cutting off aid to Central American country?
What did Bulgarian representative say?
who is the controller of budget in kenya
Approximately how many valuable paintings and sculpture's did Napoleon's forces loot from Italy during the campaign there?
Warriors appointed for specific tasks were called what?
how many episodes are in dance moms season 2
What is the Congo the worst place for?
how long do you have to live in brazil to become a citizen
Who  says she'll ask Obama to tighten border security?
When was the SNES released in the US?
what episode of breaking bad does hank get shot
how many volumes of vampire knight are there
Who is Chen Xiao?
Who says Shawne Merriman choked her?
When did Arsenal become based in Highbury?
who won the 2017 all ireland hurling final
Where was the new title of Empress of India proclaimed? 
What are people in stigmatized jobs forced to create?
What happened to the jet at Heathrow Airport?
diapsids dominated the terrestrial landscape for the first time following which event
When was the Mena tornado?
What is Somerset an important supplier of 
What was the newer model called?
Which book of the Bible talks about the use of wine during Jewish feasts?
What are the maximum sustained winds of the storm
what does it mean if 2 events are independent
What changes were made for the commercial publication of Maggie?
What was Detroit's population in 1773?
Who is in a coma?
who makes the paper money is printed on
what color are the flowers on a strawberry plant
who were the first european settlers of mississippi
when is season 2 of ballers coming out
what is the newspaper
who were the chicago radio jocks that played dance music in the early 1980s?
IBM created the software framework known as?
who played the president 's wife in olympus has fallen
What kind of climate is Tuscon?
What percentage of the American population is Hispanic?
when did the solar system begin to form
who won season four of rupauls drag race
Which website graded the airlines?
Who can become the cardinal protopriest?
when was yellowstone established as a national park
who brought sign language from france to america
Where are the animals now?
Why do some police acts limit when police can interfere without court orders?
Per Bernanke, how much did the U.S. current account deficit increase between 1996 and 2004?
who played oz wife in auf wiedersehen pet
What is the country's population doing?
when was the last time minimum wage increased in ontario
Burma and Venezuela have not lived up to what agreements?
what is the purpose of a ways and means committee
What is an example of a member of the Anglican Communion in America?
refers to the degree to which two measures of the same construct correlate to each other
What are the different departments of a university called?
What health condition did Bell start to have?
Who was last in population strength?
what is the definition of rate of reaction
when do far 135.100 and far 121.542 require a sterile cockpit
which type of technology encapsulates fibre channel communications over tcp / ip
What tour is he playing on?
What party is Sen. Leahy?
who sings the part of anna in frozen
what is the population of muslim in pakistan
The repression of what is also considered political corruption?
When did the fighting begin?
CNN visits band during video shoot for new single called what?
What is said about the character?
when did the lombardi trophy get its name
how many casualities
Which group has overreacted?
How long did the operation last
What country ended up with Lie d'Orleans
who played the boy in mad max 2
What year were the Cambridge Rules first drawn up?
What economist did von Neumann get to know that spurred the interest in economics?
What country did not see the increasing influence of Roman law?
There are more fires in the fall and winter because people burn more candles and turn what on to keep warm?
In what city is the Miami Amtrak Station?
what are americans leaving by
Who was charged in the death of a pregnant soldier?
country in horn of africa with capital same name
when does the new season of quad start
Desktop computers made up how much of Apple's revenue in the third quarter of 2007?
who played bart miller in the movie i can only imagine
who plays blake in bring it on worldwide showdown
How much money was spent to explore for uranium in 2006?
How did the Gregorian calendar set these same of the full moon not preceding Easterconditions?
An insects rectum absorbs how much water?
who did holbrook play in 'into the wild'?
who received the golden buzzer on agt 2018
What drug was distributed?
In what publication were Chinese people asked to be orderly and legal because of the protests and demonstrations?
What was recognized?
Which motorway is Thuringia's most expensive?
how long has his career been
arp operates at which layer of the osi model
What did the Eisenhower administration refer to the downed U-2 as?
when is subnautica coming out fully for xbox one
What crime did Davis commit in 1991?
what is the name of the zebra in my little pony
Out of 10,000 people, how many people are bitten by dogs in the United States?
political representation in england was precipitated by the force of the king by nobles to sign the
What is  best served by "an intelligence professional in charge"?
What portion of Kathmandu's economy consists of agriculture?
How many deaths were related to the weather?
who sang the song knock three times on the ceiling
What was the reason IOC ban Iraqi athletes?
what do Rap groups speak out about
Who is Hernan Martinez Torres?
Up to how many people visit the White House each month?
Who is the former guard?
AAC, mp3PRO and MP2 are all members of the same technological family as which other lossy format?
How much did Christie's global auction in 2007 total?
When was Ayrton Senna killed?
What gets mounted in the middle of two parallel planes in a cordwood construction?
What has happened to him?
where is the u.s. air force academy located
who played bill sikes in the 1968 film oliver
How many weeks did the Pakistani troops fight the Taliban?
what is the use of heater in aquarium
When did the denouncing of many nobles take place?
who plays david hale on sons of anarchy
What function do small wires in a light bulb's stem perform?
Where was the school?
What was the cause of the fire?
What was the fish and chip shop named?
What government position was held by the man who donated the Grey Cup to Canadian football?
Did The Thing connect with audiences?
How many people suffer from chronic hunger?
who sings in lucy in the sky with diamonds
what are the eagles in lord of the rings
when does the second fifth wave come out
what are the main functions of the control bus
What was recreated?
who won the nfl super bowl in 2003
How are Africans classified in the Arabian Peninsula?
What has become popular?
What was the part of wire in Phase Break sections an arc being drawn from one wire to another?
Along with Estonia, Latvia, Finland and Lithuania, what state recognized the RSFSR in 1920?
how many co sponsors can a bill have
What caught fire and skidded into a ravine?
What did the judge find former teacher
cave temple of elephanta are dedicated to which god
when did clash of clans first come out
What age was Haim when he died?
What year was the pamphlet dated?
What were they going to do?
How did the Good Friday earthquake compare to other documented earthquakes in the world?
who sang send me the pillow that you dream on
who has won the tour de france and the vuelta
when did castro write the  essay?
when were the first stones put up at stonehenge
What was the airline fined?
what do the germ layers give rise to
Performance of classical music requires proficiency in what type of reading?
who replaced great britain as the leading industrial power in europe after 1870
What is hydrogens chemical symbol?
The STC allows its customers to communicate across how many networks?
who wrote the book of first second and third john
where is the next winter olympics being held at
where are producers located on the food chain
What occured in open fields?
who is the republican running for governor of ny
How many soldiers and children were found among the dead?
who makes the most cheese in the world
when did army air corps become air force
When was the construction of an airport in Saint Helena announced?
when do new episodes of spongebob squarepants air
which is the highest peak of himachal pradesh
Amount of refugees in camp?
who played davy crockett in the tv series
Several proposals have been raised to do what?
What plagued the Cubs in 2009?
when do monica and chandler start dating episode
who is the actor that played apollo creed
what was the name of the school in wonder
Who is facing inquiry?
when did ellen and jo come back to life
who is 2nd in line to the british throne
What does Maria Sharapova hope to prove?
Where is Lindsay Lohan doing her community service?
What is her rom-com called?
Where did the Portland stone come from?
Who is TrainOSE a subsidiary of?
What act gave Samoa independence?
When did the Chinese government ban the purchase of Windows 8 products?
when was lord of the rings and the hobbit written
Who directed the movie Stella in 1955? 
Which university is located in the Furniture district?
Who carried out most attacks?
who are the current members of jefferson starship
What happen the second day?
where does the phrase separation of church and state originated
During The Early MIng Dynasty Chinese merchants explored all of what?
how many more troops is the US sending?
Will it still be cool and rainy this spring?
where are the olympics located in south korea
What did The Sun reporters make Contostavlos believe?
who wrote if i were a boy lyrics
What was the Close Encounters revisit called?
Of what area was Valencia the largest city?
who said Tevez will never play for the club
written coded commands that tell the computer what task to perform is the definition of
where is syracuse located in new york state
who made the statue of christ the redeemer
How many people marched in Jerusalem?
What term is interchangeable with "sapwood"?
What is sexual orientation defined as?
Who or whom did the neightbours say they never saw
Who has President Bush talked to?
who plays jack hunter in boy meets world
What did The Sun's Head of PR say about the reported editorial change at The Sun?
What is carried out on foot without hounds?
What is the number of people in the US that have emphysema or chronic bronchitis?
What is an annelid's brain in a ring around?
What city was the man detained in?
when is fate stay night heaven 's feel coming out
What cannot travel on Downtown Miami streets during "Bike Miami"?
When did Archimedes die?
What status did the Marshall Islands have in Germany?
What country did Hayek arrive in where he provided his disctinction between totalitarianism and authoritarianism?
Using animal fur as clothing was once considered what?
Where did the couple met?
What is necessary to stabilize the low oxidation state of zinc(l) compounds?
What is the name of two schools of philosophy?
How many immigrants lived in these tent cities?
when did verses get added to the bible
who played the hulk in the original movie
What was the score?
Where is the home for the Institute for Policy Research?
hole in the tube surrounding the spinal cord
Who is to share material?
Where did the new footage come from that was shown to the jury, that was taken of Diana hours before her death?
where is st. kitts located on the world map
For which family was Charles "Lucky" Luciano a lieutenant?
In what publication did the name Rajasthan first appear?
Who will play Katie Featherstone in the film?
large island part of north america but belongs to europe
what is the default administrative distance assigned to all ospf routes
who sings i could fall in love with you
How many German bombers were shot down by the RAF in May?
What is another process used to pulp straws with high silicate content?
Who won the Japan Open final?
How many votes did Keir Hardie win by?
What spells bad news for both parties in 2010 elections?
How will the victims be identified?
What would be needed to determine if that owner had acted recklessly?
what is the relation between dhan ke devta kuber and ravan
what role did scribes play in ancient egypt
Where is the Dove Mountain planned community?
height of great wall of china in meters
who played terry benedict in ocean 's eleven
who defended the release?
How many representatives does Southampton have in parliament?
Who confirmed the dpon-chen?
who was the first person to sing god bless america
How much does Warrior weigh?
Although the militia were mainly made of volunteers what item distinguish them from other militia companies?
who plays tina in the princess and the frog
when will fifty shades freed movie be released
where are Legendary football coach and broadcaster?
Who is the benefit match for?
What was the title of the travel book written by Fanny Vandegrift Stevenson?
is a chevy tahoe a truck or suv
Modern Morphology recognizes the structural dynamics of what?
What was the name of the bodybuilding film Schwarzenegger starred in?
who owns the rights to popeye the sailor
Where was the expansion of cotton and agriculture mainly?
What was the time that it took to complete the new building following protests?
what is the most liked photo on instagram
Where did Victoria spend the Christmas of 1900?
Which transportation vehicles were banned from entering New Delhi?
who has written the book war and peace
who wrote the song more than you know
What are the names of the subjects in the kidnapping case?
when did nigeria won the african cup of nations
Who felt frustrated by the Massachusetts Senate race?
Who will give tribute to her late brother?
when was harry potter and the sorcerer 's stone published
where is the hamptons located in new york
President Thomas Jefferson had a relationship with who?
What group is Nils Lofgren with?
What month was she arrested?
What does LV-ROM stand for?
What are the first datings of Bronze artifacts from the Vinca culture?
who is saying this is cool
What does Procopius describe in his writings of the Sclaveni and Antae?
What is deism?
What kind of attacks?
What did Von Neumann enter in 1911?
Who won the World Barista Championship?
bandipur wildlife sanctuary is famous for which animal
What improved thanks to the Royal Air Force in 1933?
Who is a CEO of a fashion company and a Hindu monk
What part of the populace does not  identify with conformists religious  majority?
Who was the pilot?
What could be coupled with an antenna to form pure resistance?
How many people are in prison for beating and sexual assault of Megan Williams?
Who starts in "Knowing"?
What type of agreement may a US president enter by acting alone?
What spurred a European terror alert?
What work is Muḥammad ibn Jābir al-Ḥarrānī al-Battānī known for as it regards to earth?
What does Marsden like to do other than throw on sweats?
who 's in george michael 's freedom video
when was the lincoln tunnel built in new york
where does candia nh go to high school
when is game of thrones season 7 episode 7 releasing
What is the name of the earliest medical document?
when was the arizona memorial built in pearl harbor
when did queer eye for the straight guy air
who won men 's singles in master grand gold tournament in 2017
who was the leader of mexico in 1845
which neighbouring country of india came into existence in 1971
who sings a moment like this the original
what team has the most points in nhl history
who played carrie mother in the original movie
What is the headquarters of the MoD called?
what is the chemical name of vitamin b11
who plays the voice of the crab in moana
What is the problem estimated to cost?
Who was sent into pirate-infested waters without protection?
Timing and pace of comics is made by adjusting size, shape and what of panels?
What document suggested that county boroughs be eliminated?
Who do the Congo rebels blame for the attack?
What does the Coast Guard in Massachusetts recommend?
What sort of techniques did the State Department conclude were still being employed by China?
where is the world cup 2026 going to be at
who sings the song that 's what i like about you
accelerando is a term indicating that the tempo is
Who refuses deployment?
Who wrote "Heal the World?"
When was Victoria's Golden Jubilee?
What else can a mom do to prevent diarrhea for her baby?
What can improve the efficiency of LED-based white light?
How can botany be applied to the construction industry?
How many people in the U.S are diagnosed with Epilepsy?
who is the film director of angel and demons?
How strong was the powerful earthquake that hit Mexico City in 1985?
Who was responsible for seeking justice in the Roman courts?
when was the last time st louis cardinals won world series
when did we get the bill of rights
Cold temperatures are hampering the efforts to do what?
when was the great wave off kanagawa painted
As what was Constantine honored when he died?
What was signed on Tuesday?
How much power will be delivered to the reciever if the antenna has an effective area of 12 m/2?
What is Georgia and Russia blaming each other for?
What was imported from Tabasco?
Who else earned best drama nominations?
who played anna dimera on days of our lives
Who watched the trees snapping and cracking?
What do the scientists say?
who will send troops
what determines the number of house of representatives
who is the killer in the whole truth
A series of Prussian and German victories took place in what part of France?
who won the gold medal in the women 's figure skating
When did Celcil Woodham-Smith also write a well recieved biography about Victoria? 
Which language is closest to Czech?
How did the Cathars live?
What lab association did Bell and Tainter both eventually join?
who built the temple of jupiter optimus maximus
Who is Barack Obama?
Both during and after the conclusion of  World War II, the United States formed a firm alliance with what country?
The boy who found the .25-caliber gun in box in closet was how old?
Who won the game?
What was reached during a hearing, yet details were not released?
when was the us founded as a country
where does the joint session of congress meet
who wrote the song the cowboy rides away
who starred in the original a star is born
What is an example of a federal union? 
When she was made Queen, what did Victoria do about Conroy?
who played belle in gone with the wind
To what type of non Catholic denomination was Paul VI considered to be a great ally of?
where is the metropolitan museum of art located
Who stay level on points?
What are skilled Buddhists called?
What is the usual mean temperature in Houston?
How long did the Hollywood round air for in season eight of American Idol?
who plays belle in the new beauty and the beast
How are minor infectious diseases treated?
what is mathematical expectation of a random variable
who sings 1234 monsters walking cross the floor
Where did Tina Watson die?
what is the reason for the standoff?
What year did Mt St. Helens erupt causing devastating damage?
the 2017 icc champions trophy was held at
Where does "Inspiring Impressionism" go next
Which section indicates the methods in which the dollar should be issued?
what about the violence
What year has the border been closed since?
What did the earthquake allow?
what is the definition of an urban area
What did the rumbling waters sound like?
What is the name of Wallace Steven's work that explains how cubism can be translated into poetry? 
Who invited Hillary Clinton to dinner?
in a solution of brine what is the salt
camila cabello - crying in the club album
What does a proposed health care bill address?
What year did data for the Oakland Growth Study stop being collected?
Development anthropologists would like to know why if a goal is to alleviate poverty, that poverty is doing what?
Whos is Obama to meet?
Who performed Alice Polka in honor of Princess Alice?
Which format held recordings ranging from 10 to 15 minutes?
What percent of the populatin of Bern resident foreigners?
What type of tubes are generally used for sturdier always of antennas?
where does the story the cask of amontillado take place
when does jurassic world fallen kingdom come out
What incentives are being offered for return to Braddock?
What did Altovise Davis die from?
how old were olsen twins in full house
What state reported the highest number of deaths?
when does season 2 the good place come out
what was Damas charged with?
who did the score for avengers infinity war
What did Michelle say?
when did humans start keeping track of years
what is the pressure in the intrapleural space
what was the magnitude of the 1989 san francisco earthquake
which group claim responsibility for barrels in Ashkelon, Ashdod?
the twentieth-century american composer associated with the golden age of musical theatre is
What class are the candidates pandering to?
What city was close to the Buckweed fires?
what is name of his ex wife?
who is  Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani?
who is the owner of the eiffel tower
the general agreement on tariffs and trade ( gatt ) was part of american attempts to increase
who has the most wins in the nfl
when was the southern kingdom of judah destroyed
What year did Microsoft's MultiPlan migrate over from MS-DOS?
who wrote about the idyllic ' isle of innisfree '
what is the function of home key in computer
What does Latin's traducere mean in English?
Where was the body found?
how long does a canadian prime minister stay in office
What adjective describes how our eyes function without a tool like a microscope to help?
What will happen to France?
What is is becoming more organized ?
when did the first european settlers came to america
When did Bantu immigrate to Namibia?
how many seasons of father ted are there
In what year did the dutch attack St. John for a second time?
Who was the court spokeswoman?
The government planned to evacuate 1.4 million from which city?
Who says that their marriage was not a sham?
In what month and year did the 44th Pacific Islands Forum summit take place?
how many episodes are there in stranger things season 2
What state didn't give the goods it received to hurricane victims?
What did Rudd refuse to comment on?
Where were the matua located on the island?
what did  leads at the halfway stage ?
When was Go Set a Watchman introduced to the public?
what is the population of long island 2018
Is Mayweather undefeated?
What is the name of one of the cricketers?
How were earthquakes simulated on the architectural models?
What is shuffling around bad or weak debts from a weaker eurozone member to the ECB known as?
Ann Arbor became the 1st city in the US to what type of voting in the Mayoral race?
When did man land on the moon?
who is the singer in love actually wedding
When wAs he assassinated?
What were the stolen artifacts worth?
who is under investigation
who was reigning monarch of the uk in 1900
when will we know if the groundhog sees his shadow
How many members are on the NYC city council?
What did İbrahim Şinasi write in 1860?
How long has it been since Nasa took a man to the moon?
when did the owner of mcdonald 's die
who were the parties involved in loving v virginia
who wrote daddy wo n 't you take me back to muhlenberg county
who did the charlotte hornets trade kobe bryant for
What fortified position was captured by the Chinese Expeditionary Force?
what is the record for ohio state vs michigan
who fought against the british in the american revolution
What two notable figures are cited to have perished for refusing to give up the Church in England?
What PS3 competitor won IGN's "Console Showdown" in 2010?
Who is in control of the organization?
What is the difference in appearance between an RLV disc and a regular LD?
What other patterns are consistent with unequal living standards?
What will Obama do on Tuesday?
Which province was this in?
The Germans flew along one beam until they picked up the second beam the sound telling them when to start doing what?
What component is added to bitumen to improve it?
who are the defending champions of champions trophy
who wrote paint it black by the rolling stones
when was the bible book of john written
who sang the theme song for here come the brides
Who  killed the baby?
When did Haitian-American return?
where is the steering column in a car
Who is the woman?
What is the nickname of Plymouth Argyle F.C.?
What did military allow?
who plays steph 's mom on the fosters
The people in Geoffrey Chaucer's Canterbury Tales begin their pilgrimage from what London establishment?
Which airline now offers international flights from Hobby Airport?
what is the most common surname in france
who has won the most olympic gold medals 2018
How much money is involved in bribery in the world each year?
What has hurt U.S. tire industry?
What charges does he face?
Where did the French lay conquest in 1553?
What is the name of the fashion designer?
What is the secondmost common surname in Melbourne's phone book?
what is the name of the fifth harry potter movie
What school was Trubetzkoy a member of?
how much  deep was landslide?
when did sao tome and principe gain independence
The marine got into what Law School?
What was the biggest and oldest political party in India?
How many lashes does she face?
When did the war end?
What army has a cease-fire?
What does Moscow recognize as independent region?
What does the project aim to address?
What percentage of the African-American vote do Democrats usually get?
Who were the shikaris headed by?
what part of peru is machu picchu in
when is father 's day celebrated each year
What did football fans benefit from?
what was the name of mel and kim's number-one hit single in the UK?
who is founder of redeemed christian church of god
what elements of outdoor games were combined to create basketball
What transports freight to each race?
who struggled with her race and religious
Who will make the final decision?
What does F stand for
the originator of the tragedy of the commons metaphor was
What did Lachelle claim?
the hard outer covering of a seed is called
What did the Gates Foundation pay for?
What was demanded for the soldier?
Which organizations have legitimacy deficits?
where did laurie go on that 70s show
who gave the concept of hot spots of biodiversity
How many police officers are injured?
If the type of transistor is the same what determines the current ratio?
For how much did Tottenham Hotspur sell Gareth Bale to Real Madrid for in 2013?
what is the top speed of the f22
What are two boutiques that line Omotesando?
What happened to the BeiDou-1D satellite that needed to be repaired?
Who did Princess Victoria marry at the age of 17? 
What is the recorded number of cases?
how far has the united states made it in the world cup
What was her advice?
who won the ladies figure skating in sochi
How many different countries do the researchers come from?
What other names does the group go by?
the bill of rights was gradually applied to the states through a process called
What are some examples of solar concentrating technologies?
Arthur Hutchings stated that Chopin's lack of what made him special?
who won the case in mueller v. oregon
What is the common trait selected for dogs in overall breeding?
How did Foucault describe the social duty of police?
what junction is the m11 off the m25
when did humans first settle in new zealand
What is the alternative name to football?
When was Kerik nominated to homeland security ?
When did Rycroft and Strickland end their relationship earlier?
Pasteurisation is an an example of a technology that aims to do what to food?
Which constituency has become the Republican Party's staunchest supporters in Tennessee?
Name one way  regulars choose their Pubs?
who brought the reforms of moral therapy to the us
who they are responsible for this attack
What are some distinguishing glacial features?
who did the last super bowl halftime show
Which Beatle dropped off the list?
What year did charges start?
gerdy 's tubercle is a bony feature of which bone
How many people died?
What jurisdictions does this system not apply to?
Why did the French rulers need a large domestic army?
How many provinces in Afghanistan are now free of opium farming?
Brandenburg was part of what dominating force?
What was the abbey to Norman kings?
Hw old was the child?
where does the expression charlie horse come from
Who was buried in the south choir aisle in 2014?
Who asked listeners to pick songs to define Canada?
where is great bear lake located on a map
What is the Red Cross saying about the situation?
what did the judge read
What is Sen. Ted Kennedy's full name?
When did Demetrius Poliorcetes capture Athens?
Which period followed the jus antiquum?
who scored the most goals in the nhl
who was the boy who played the banjo in the movie deliverance
How many Christians were in the world in 1910?
What did the earthquake do?
who won the battle of the beaver dams
What did Victoria begin working on after Brown's death?
What was too small to keep Nasser in power?
Who was granted higher status than the Han Chinese majority?
How long had Italy undergone building in a Classical architecture style at the time of Vasari?
What river flows through the Sichuan basin?
Which Island in Southeast Asia is densely populated?
What was parked for days?
when did the battle of omaha beach start
The child suffered injuries from what?
when did star wars change to a new hope
Carranza met with his opposition at a meeting called what?
Who was Smith was convicted of killing?
Of what did Lord Altrincham say Elizabeth's speeches resembled?
who was the first gordon on sesame street
who 's running for governor in the state of ohio
What was the second poorest US city in 2004?
What did the protesters use as weapons?
what does the e in ebay stand for
The economic and fiscal policy minister says it's the worst economic crisis since what war?
Historian Margaret Jacob stresses the importance of the Masons in indirectly inspriting what type of thinking?
Who did the female bomber kill?
When will defense rest?
Who are not assigned any special precedence?
when was the first iphone released in the usa
What is a torr equal to?
How many suspected cases  were there in the first 11 weeks of 2009?
which organization sets monetary policy for the united states
when did time zones start in the us
who sings this goes out to the one i love
who attacked a government weapons storehouse at harpers ferry in 1859
Who was last gasp winner to beat china?
Where did Copeland grow up?
how many times did chelsea win the premier league
Why were parties upset in the 2005 election?
Which footballer decided to not be a torchbearer because of the controversy?
futurama episode where they go forward in time
what kind of dog is the mack truck mascot
When was the ivory trade banned worldwide?
What was the cost?
What tournament used to be known as the Buick Invitational?
When did Arsenal FC leave Highbury stadium?
who plays jennifer in back to the future 1
How long has  Yale Field been open and active?
What is "The White Queen"?
What is the language spoken by most Greeks?
Who recovered from 2-0 behind?
what part of italy does lasagna come from
Along with Nepali, Indian and Chinese cuisines, what cuisine has been a focus of Kathmandu restaurants?
what was the third battle of the american revolution
who does seth macfarlane voice in american dad
What is the number of deaths
who sings rotten to the core from descendants
What did Bushido transcend?
In practicality, how do lower courts typically view the rulings of higher courts?
What congresses were held in Bern?
Does the country have record revenues?
When did Cyprus receive enough rainfall to fill up their water reserves?
What is an honorary synonym for Bodhisattvayana?
What did the protesters block lanes to?
Who recalled leukemia drugs?
Who did Italy's self defense minister sign a deal with?
What was the full price of Eton per student in 2010-2011?
Who stars in the movie?
who played shoeless joe in field of dreams
who did england play in the 1966 world cup
What deal did the day care center make?
Who are the Echo Boys?
what temperature can the breaks operate at
What is the percentage of Native Americans in South Tuscon?
In what month did 30 or more deaths occur?
What has many concerned?
Who retired after 22-year Army career?
Two men charged in what?
Reaction with what causes dealkalization?
who does eliza marry in my fair lady
Who assigned the First Battalion of Chihuahua for integration into the army?
How many times did Bohemian waxwings come to Britain between 1937 and 200?
who talked with CNN's Christiane Amanpour about insurgency?
Which Queen album kicked off the 1980s?
what is the 1st element in the periodic table
What's the name of the highest peak in Samoa?
What French composer wrote the original opera ''Carmen'' in the 19th century?
What does the navy need?
What percentage of the time did The Mail on Sunday claim workers labored for at least seven straight days?
What the exclusive online footage from?
where was return of a man called horse filmed
Who is the former head of the IMf?
By a UCLA study,how many Seattle residents identify as gay, lesbian or bisexual?
who were the major prophets in the bible
when is the state of the union usually given
when is a free throw awarded in basketball
What si Tuvalu's tv domain?
what did suu kyi do
What is the archbishop concerned about?
When did the GSM Association follow suit?
What was the financial damage caused by the rain?
how many people died?
What was the money used for?
who is the head of department of labor
Who surprised the imperial forces in control of Hidalgo?
How much did each satellite for the BeiDou-1 system weigh?
Which station showed this series?
Who is the militant?
How many grammy he won?
What aircraft did Alcock and Brown use in 1919 for their flight? 
where are the important respiratory control centers located
Who is investigating ?
Who was Inaugurated in Nanjing as the first provisional president? 
who dies at the beginning of attack of the clones
What is the current status of bison?
What does her attorney say?
who won the first major battle of the civil war
Who is in negotiations?
What would replace the labor intensive technique of mosaic?
what does it mean to be a moral agent
What caused the burial to be delayed?
who gets the win if a pitcher does n 't go 5 innings
Are there still Iranian forces in Iraq?
What is the biggest political event Denmark has hosted?
who did kelly end up with on 90210
when did you rock my world come out
how many died in the shooting
About how much area do forests cover the state?
Name three Serbo-Croatian languages that have made a point of establishing their own unique linguistic identities.
sun temple is made up of which rock
What are the photos of?
what are they discussing at the meeting
What is a quote from Castro's essay?
How many Tibetan prisoners did Mu Ying capture?
What are the individual litter canines called?
Davis later revealed he did what for a living?
To whom was Messi's goal in the first leg of the Copa del Rey compared?
After lumbering, what was Seattle's second big economic boom?
who plays harry in the amazing spider man 2
What does the probation report recommend?
what kind of cat was in pet sematary
Who denied responsibility
What is considered to be a typical food for a Nanjing resident?
once a time with you chinese movie cast
Where will the military ministers meet?
What does"industrial symbiosis" maximize?
who did ohio fight for in the civil war
Who argues that the fundamental laws of physics are laws of temporal evolution?
who made delhi the capital of his kingdom for the first time
who is the largest shareholder
Which continent contains Tibet?
what happened to sam the bartender on gunsmoke
What is it called to check data passed between units?
Who is the Swiss captain?
Where did US Airways Flight 1549 land?
What period is the Bergakker inscription from that shows characteristics of the Old Dutch language?
What still remains much shorter than intraframe compression?
What war is being marked?
What could help to spur pharmaceuticals to make new antibiotics?
Who is expected to be released fom hospital on Friday?
who sang built this city on rock and roll
Douay's initial success was credited by what?
Who urged to pay attention?
who won the first and second battle of bull run
What are people affected by?
Who killed Brazelton?
who spends the most money on military in the world
When did season four premiere?
What is the mortality rate?
what is the main cause of acid precipitation
What did the tabloid photo show?
When can playing be even tougher?
who has kate in white collar season 1
What must you wear when running?
what does the sun symbolize in the philippine flag
Who condemns the crackdowns in Libya, Bahrain and Yemen?
Where were companies located that had their stock trading suspended?
who did the original i put a spell on you
who plays maggie 's dad on grey 's anatomy
What is the cost of admission to the Plymouth City Museum and Art Gallery?
who says cash flow is up?
What is the name of the ancient map of the Greek world  named  ?
Where is the Silbermann organ located?
According to von Neumann what is the most important part of the problem of measure?
how old did you have to be to put your name in the goblet of fire
how many seats are there in ontario government
Where is the oldest settlement in America?
who is the mother in i met your mother
In what areas were Han ships able to be sailed in part due to the stern rudder?
when did motown the musical open on broadway
who won the year jennifer hudson was on american idol
What type of special lanes were added to Interstate 15?
How many people working under forced labor?
What was the estimated total value of pirated software in 2010?
What did she write a week before her abduction?
How many people were killed in accident?
In what geographical region of the United States is New York City located?
What year is the latest that MP3 related patents will expire on in the United States?
George was freed on what type of bail?
when were cell phones first released to the public
When did the mandolin's popularity begin to fall?
Who remembers the horrors of war and fallen comrades?
who played the doctor in star trek voyager
when did the first walmart open in california
What event ended the age of the dinosaur by causing a 75% extinction?
when did they limit president to 2 terms
what did Edwards admit?
What time system do some computer systems use to avoid the issues of changes in local time?
What rank did Michael Strank hold?
Who raced in Formula championships?
What committees was Rangel on?
Do the police think the killings are premeditated?
never let me go what are they donating
Which chicks leave the nest the night after they hatch?
what is the deepest part of the puget sound
what was the outcome of the iranian revolution in 1979
What type of forum was the subject of a January 2009 front page story in The Sun?
Who does Obama blast?
who does the voice of the sheriff on squidbillies
How many troops are involed?
what kind of food is in czech republic
What is the nickname of the University of Tennessee, Knoxville athletic teams?
how many days a year does it rain in eureka ca
Where is storm surge flooding expected to happen?
where is the bridgestone golf tournament being held
Can a reader be certain of the validity of information found in a clear-text edition?
Who helped the Tibetan? 
How many slaves were imported by Brazil?
What was the general opinion of the law?
What was the third European country to establish trading with India?
when did martial law ended in the philippines
What was Omar Edward occupation?
what is the capital of the central american country that has a canal running through it
where do the hormones in the pill come from
Where was Alan Scherr from?
Who built Westminster Hall?
what disney film features the billboard number one hit an oscar-winning song
The post-punk revival bands bring in a fanbase from what subculture?
What does Tuscon have more than most desert climates?
Who said the prosecutions evidence was made up?
where was last of the mohicans filmed north carolina
What is classified as a crossover SUV?
who has scored the most goals in england
the cell membrane of a muscle cell is called the
who plays the fairy god mother in cinderella
Who was found guilty of "spot-fixing"?
When is King Mom symbolically burnt?
where did immigrants land in new york before ellis island
What did the robber appeal?
what does the ar in ar 15 mean
when was adrian gonzalez traded to the mets
Who was held responsible for economic downtown?
what year did me and julio down by the schoolyard come out
What does Fuqua discuss?
how long it takes for neptune to orbit the sun
when will the 2023 rugby world cup host be announced
What are experts exploring in regards to Ikaria?
What launched from the space station?
From what region of Italy did Florentine Tuscan derive?
Who spoke to Pope Benedict XVI about dinner idea?
Who was inspired by Barack Obama?
What towns are building barriers?
how much weight has the baby
where does the story the boy in the striped pajamas take place
who has to approve the budget of the u.s. government
What determines the resistance of the filament?
Who blamed the UFO for the destruction?
When did this occur?
who 's the actress that plays in the new wonder woman
Who dug caves?
What console boasted compatibility with the Wii?
Use what type of disks to keep your info safe?
who was known as israel in the bible
What the Lutheran Church accepted?
where did they film the book of henry
What percentage of the population was below the poverty line?
What is "I AM" built upon?
By what group of people is Portuguese derived?
Which other songs has R.E.M. recorded?
What did the grandmother want to talk about?
what channel will the new series yellowstone be on
What type of song is frequently seen in the adult contemporary genre?
What are activists trying to get implemented?
What was he battling?
What shows support for the separation of church and state as early as the mid-17th century?
till when does he have to wait
When was it announced that Libya would be independent?
What size antenna would not be good when the antenna needs to be directional?
The Atanasoff-Berry computer was invented in what year?
who is billy 's father on the young and the restless
what would Lyndon Johnson gained by granting lawmakers' special request?
who wrote rock me like a wagon wheel
when did it happen
Throughout history there have been a series of what in the area to allow for better communication?
who says that a children no older than 15 was involved in terrorist activity?
What services were finally online again?
What should man's nature be centered on?
In what city did Goring display the advance equipment?
To whom did Egypt sell its interest in Suez Canal?
nba player with most championships with different teams
Is the current frequency higher or lower at high speed?
what was the significance of the battle of the marne
what Beef imports?
What precomposed character represents the small latin e with an accent? 
What did militants seize?
What majority is necessary in the Sri Lankan Parliament to dismiss a president and the Court?
What faces unclear future in the Senate?
What agreement was reached a the Council of Nicaea ?
What is one part of runway maintenance that helps maintain friction levels?
who discovered the most elements on the periodic table
Who first patented the process that creates an oxide usable in the retort process?
the three basic types of protein fibers found in connective tissue are
If local corruption did not exist, there would be enough what to help the people in these countries needing medical help?
What Hindu philosophy is about naturalism?
where did alex karev go to medical school
What organization is responsible for awarding Indira Gandhi International Airport as Best Improved Airport in the Asia-Pacific Region?
How did Tom Robinson die in the novel?
when did the roman republic end and the roman empire begin according to most historians
What country was Diana princess of?
what is the name of the tower that replaced the twin towers
What is recruitment a result of?
What does the gift Sidney Frank gave, cover?
when did christmas become a holiday in us
Was there evidence of foul play?
What persecuted groups followed the separation of church and state?
What is the name of the Arboretum owned by the University of Michigan?
when do the hall of fame game come on
When Comcast's customer service rating fell 7%, what happened to its revenues?
Vaccinations programs encouraged what 
which house of congress must revenue bills originate
where is rick yemm from ice road truckers
When did the last British troops leave Egypt?
Whose name is on the permit required for operation of an elevator? 
state in india has no panchayati raj institution
where is the scrotum located on a man
What department was ready to join the rescue effort by Wednesday?
when does the new beauty and the beast take place
Is Manchester United seeking to refinance?
who sings reach out i 'll be there
Where did the person lose their passport?
who came up with the vaccine for smallpox
The vote in this area since the late 20th century decides what 
Which lawyer was murdered?
What has been raided?
Players who are sent off in a game are often faced with what?
how many game of thrones episodes.in season 7
What were walled quarters known as?
What did the democratic-republican party believe in?
how many world heritage sites in czech republic
triple h mick foley hell in a cell
What type of bomb was it?
Who will Jankovic play next?
when does season 7 episode 2 of got air
What role had Graham Dudman taken after serving as The Sun managing editor?
who follows allegations of systemic corruption and "serious dishonesty"?
taarak mehta ka ulta chasma sonu real name
Which company was organized first, Electro-Dynamic Light Company or United States Electric Lighting Company?
what is being celebrated
when will there be new episodes of gotham
what is the idea behind a single payer system of health insurance
when did the first online game come out
where do the house wives of orange county live
Who was charged with fostering air commerce?
where is the spinal cord located in the body
how much compression does a diesel engine have
When did the Parthian Empire rise to become the main power in Iran?
How many princely states were there in India in 1947?
What year did Parliamentary co-operation between the Baltic Assembly and Nordic Council start?
What did the Pentagon seek to delay?
who plays miss frost in die another day
Where were the migrants believed to be heading?
Who were killed?
In 1914, a separately paid-for supplement for The Times was a magazine that featured what kind of content?
how many games did chelsea win in a row last season
actor that plays mr. noodle on sesame street
in 1996 how did congress change welfare for the states
how many episodes in soul eater season 1
where was the french and indian war taken place
What action results in something being "Sent Up For Good?"
who is the director?
Who are leaders trying to convert?
who was the song the day the music died about
Which physics subject was affected by The Romantic Movement?
About whom was Elizabeth worried in the 1970s?
T-Mobile fired who after a positive drug test?
What program is open to the residents of Ann arbor?
who does the voice for the hormone monster in big mouth
icc women 's world cup 2017 player of the series
What are concerns about pets in dorms?
WHat happens to children who swallow beads?
who won the mayoral race in san antonio
What music did Debussy play a lot at the Paris Conservatoire?
What will the price be?
What did George Hudson spend time collecting when he wasn't working?
Albert Pike's opinions were grounded in what?
which gas most likely was not part of earth 's early atmosphere
who did ben affleck play in dazed and confused
What did Syrian girl dreamed of?
How many job cuts were announced?
What are the names of the crackers?
when did old man harrison from pawn stars die
who sang i only have eyes for you first
who won the silver medal in mens figure skating
What does Yemen say?
what is the definition of an electronic signature according to the e sign act
when did jackie robinson won rookie of the year
What organization offered possible solutions Arab-Israeli conflict, which Nasser supported?
The lack of what in this years competeion is causing ontroversy
What caused Angola to close its northeastern border?
What is cladistics a method of?
Besides thickness, what attribute is used in stating the weight of a ream in Europe?
What was the record high for the TED spread on October 10, 2008?
who plays farren in the spy next door
where is the rhone river located in europe
where is lake clark national park in alaska
What section of What's New would a user visit to find the games they've played lately?
How long was the ban for?
How many people died?
who wrote the wealth of nations john maynard keynes friedrich engels adam smith milton friedman
who plays henry in season 7 of once upon a time
When was the region under Tibetan empire and the CHinese?
What occupation does Jay Z have?
What is E-Day?
how many seasons of tracy beaker are there
Where was the blaze?
when did the punisher come out on netflix
who is the spkesman?
who sings lead vocals on twist and shout
Who rallied in from of the Israeli Embassy?
What can be used to help find the roots of equations?
where was season 2 of stranger things filmed
who plays taylor on young and the restless
Where were the graves found?
He said: It's a bit sloppy ... but full of what?
How many months are in the Shamsi Hijri calendar?
what age is the boy
Which system is BYU part of?
where are red blood cells found in the body
where is the zigzag street in san francisco
What are two publications produced by RIBA Publishing?
who played abby 's parents on the ranch
how far is knoxville tn from chattanooga tn
violent chicago strike that took place in 1894
Did the bishops consider themselves Arians?
Who are still celebrating with smaller festivities?
What was found near the home that Dugard was found captive?
What sentiment persists even though racial and colonial definitions of the Middle East are no longer ideologically sound?
What did the mayor of San Diego declare?
A synapse whose purpose is to excite the target cell are called what?
What year did Princess Charlotte of Wales die?
What does the iPad fall under?
Who was cleared in the officer's death?
Who wrote, "In other words, AC stations are where pop songs go to die a very long death. Or, to optimists, to get a second life"?
How long did the Timurid empire last in Iran?
when did the movie mom and dad come out
what does the occipital lobe of the brain control
who came in second in the 2018 kentucky derby
Who was jailed for 10 years?
Which desert is Tuscon in?
who played dale the whale on the tv show monk
what are the major determinant of workers pay
Some compositions were found after which composer's death?
who is the new driver on grand tour
nutrient agar is an example of what medium
Who are some popular artists, writers and musicians that resided in Paris after the war?
How many children in Alabama live in car-less households?
Who pleaded guilty to bankrolling a dogfighting operation in Virginia
While evolutionary ideas were accepted by German biologists, what was not?
Who trained at the military grounds in Montana?
Where are the cards selling?
when does oceans of fun close for the year
who came 3rd in the first series of strictly come dancing
What nationality are the owners of DHL?
Which site removed the option of downloading youtube videos after 2012?
What is another name for an exposure index rating?
where Juan, Luis Fabiano and Robinho all score?
What happens with contracts to aid corruption?
huey lewis song in back to the future
ajanta and ellora caves are located in the state of
Where is RAF Brize Norton located?
Which two states do Shtokavian verbs have?
Greater investment in agriculture could do what?
who plays the black knight in monty python
What was said Diane Schuler?
where did the carnivore live?
What was the number of countries formally agreeing treaty banning cluster bombs?
What does the Principle of Chevron provide for?
where did the term viet cong come from
On what day was Kanye's women's clothing line debuted?
name of present chief election commission of india
what are the metal things they put on boxers faces
On what date did AF1 announce that it would be called the Arena Football League?
who takes part in president election in india
What song did David Cook sing on American Idol during the week of the top ten?
What is his hardest decision so far?
who was vice-chairman?
What term is used for an adaptation that enables species to blend into the background?
which of the following british prime minster declared india free
Who is Jim Walter?
How many movies has the person been in?
what is the us providing financing for
As of December 2012, Somalia did not have systematic what?
when did the human genome project start and finish
Who does Al-Zawahiri say Sudan expelled?
What did country officials say?
Where did Chopin prefer to play for people?
How long did Muslim control of Palermo last?
What did Peugeot say was necessary?
Who did Nasser's group try to assassinate?
What did officials say about the meeting?
What did she offer on Craigslist?
when did the last transformers movie come out
what is the name of the cafe
what three modern countries are on the northern border of greece
which state of india has highest life expectancy at birth
who manufactures the engines for the airbus a380
when does episode 108 of dragon ball super air
Genetic engineering was first discovered in what century?
State that saw four suicides in three years?
What medical dispensarys are there in Ann Arbor?
Who is Morales?
How may records were commonly found in an album?
when did ferris bueller 's day off come out
when was the original movie the thing made
who sang in the halftime show last year
who won the f1 grand prix at silverstone
who has developed the ability model of emotional intelligence
what is the meaning of the name demetrius
Which music festival will wrap up Sunday?
what is the most recent gdp in the united states
Who did the first studies on exploring a new idea of sensory memory?
What is the town of Pedasi a good launchpad for?
What makes them more affordable?
where is data stored on a floppy disk
Number of people detained by coalition raids?
What age was Moth when she died?
what does Clark Suggest
what are the school colors for cal poly pomona
On what day did the Kanye's famous George W. Bush criticism take place?
By having 3 members on the council in Calcutta from the British Government they were always able to ____ the two EIC members?
To what position was Malenkov demoted?
What did the captain say?
what year saw the formation of the brazilian republic
danny devito 's name in one flew over the cuckoo 's nest
Who fired the rocket propelled grenades?
Who was the owner of the Oakland Raiders?
What nickname have people in opposition to DST given it?
Barts and the London School of Dentistry if part of which university in the University of London Network?
What group is considered part of the Poles?
What is the number of original co-defendants that have struck deals?
What do bacteria use as carbon and energy sources?
In exchange for helping Austria, Russia wanted to be freely able to handle any issues they had with who?
Calculation money, how much she spent?
when did the new tappan zee bridge open
first african american to win a nobel peace prize
Who was murdered?
Cossacks came from what backgrounds?
What neighborhood was evacuated?
In what product are glass fibers used to hold dead air?
How much have Reach to Teach applications increased by?
the main factor affecting depth of focus is the
who was sent in command of a force of troops to capture fort duquesne
How many people are in shelters?
Who was the highest commander that is under Hitler?
Which note is occasionally called a "yardstick"?
What group of languages have to comply with Grimm's law?
When did Santander buy?
when will the champions league semi finals be drawn
What did CBC announce on August 31, 2011?
what are the main aims of the data protection act
What is Donna being treated for?
who won on america 's got talent 2017
How far back did some of the Ancestry go 
When does shuttle launch?
What do you call the official compilation and codification of federal statutes?
What are financial advisers saying?
when did britain take control of south africa
What is the number of plants in the Central Sahara?
How many people were killed?
who does adrianna end up with in 90210
who ran a mile in the fastest time
How long are the prison terms they could face?
Why did green say we watch?
What is a term for a dialect particular to a social class?
actor who played barney stinson in tvs how i met your mother
In what year did Blackpool and Blackburn become independent unitary authorities?
what are two main parts of the nephron
How many children died in the Oklahoma City Bombing?
first season host of dancing with the stars
who won the most gold medals in the 2014 commonwealth games
Where is the shuttle going?
What country did the women get burned alive?
Who is seleced for the program?
What types of fans does it appeal to?
What is KFOR?
What did the local NAACP president say?
who starred in the night of the grizzly
Who was the key architect of war in Vietnam under two presidents?
Are e-cigarettes safe?
What battleship sunk in the Havana Harbor?
Who spent her entire life in a cellar?
what is the meaning of the name baruch
Who is Archie Andrews choosing between?
where is the garden of the gods in colorado
Where were the drivers injured?
What did the UN estimate?
What's the medical term for TB when it spreads from the lungs to other parts of the body?
what does ' union jack ' in australian national flag represent
What are considered the original teachings of the Buddha?
Who was fired during spring training in 1954 after admitting the Cubs were unlikely to finish above fifth place?
What are the current sub-groups of Slovenes?
What does VOR stand for?
who made black ops 3 on last gen
who sang for dan stevens in beauty and the beast
What is the length of Vick's prison sentence?
who gave the statue of liberty to us
Multiple president have studied at this popular college, you can guess the name of the university?
How long does the man face in prison?
What were the Jena 6 accused of?
Before 2001, where was Boeing headquartered?
who was turned to a pillar of salt
how much did movie skyscraper cost to make
who wrote the lyrics to me and bobby mcgee
Who hires probate lawyer Adam Streisand?
What should visitors do?
What does the West Virginian say about joining the Ku Klux Klan?
what type of aircraft is excluded from coverage under the chicago convention
Who cut him off?
What is often used as a term of endearment?
What age was Patil at the time of the election?
What is being investigated?
On what date did Pope Paul VI die?
where does the middle take place in indiana
which term refers to the group who opposed the constitution
In what year did Hayek come to London?
when does the 100 season 4 come out
where does the cape fear river start and end
an ancient city state on north african coast in present day tunisia
What will the netbooks offer?
Which two consecutive Bond films did Mendes direct?
What country is this legal in?
Who did Americo-Liberians not identify with? 
what is the main organs of the integumentary system
who wrote many of the german epic poems and prose
How many valence electrons are contained in an atom of uranium?
who plays the pirate in game of thrones
Who's lack of concern helped the Mongols jump at a chance to reclaim their old vassal of Tibet?
In what year was the daily newspaper Sudharma first published?
Who is Army Pvt. John Bennett?
The new Allied demands for peace insisted France return to its boundaries of what year?
who performs the secretarial duties for the states of massachusetts pennsylvania and virginia
Who was killed?
who does Amanda Seyfried play in the movie?
What religion alleged Freemasons as unnatural and irrational? 
who aided heracles in his second labor by cauterizing
Which newspaper reported that only the Chinese could express themselves?
who won the fight with floyd mayweather and pacquiao
Because Mohammed was "ummi," what would he not have known about that lent credence to his prophethood?
when does the tv show the expanse start
How many children were left orphaned because of what happened?
who built a european empire and was crowned emperor of the romans in 800
In what country did people criticize "Slumdog Millionaire"?
How can electrolytic capacitors be safely used after having been stored unused for a long time?
The rules are a perfect springboard for what?
What year did Dell announce its plans to sublease its building?
What type of copy can gene duplication sometimes result in?
Who is Pele quoted as saying had taken drugs?
What answer does Cheney recommend?
What is the name of the skipper?
what was the first mass produced car to come from the factory with all-wheel steering
How many people were killed in Nigerian violence?
how to calculate false positive rate from sensitivity and specificity
who passes the film in india for public exhibition
What have the Tuvalu atolls displayed about sea level rise?
Which Native American group is involved in a language preservation project?
where does the chemical digestion of protein occur
who did Smadi tell his plans to?
who introduces the president at the state of the union
What were the boys rescued from?
what does delta sigma theta sorority stand for
Who killed the Shakyas?
What sexual feature do a majority of flowers demonstrate?
Who nodded at President Obama?
what was the profession they claimed
when does episode 3 of cloak and dagger come out
What was a negative of regulating the lake's water height?
How were free persons listed in the US census prior to 1850?
what were the gangs in gangs of new york
who played wallis simpson in the king 's speech
tragedy sets him on his path towards what?
What was being protested?
Who calls her "time-honored loyal communist fighter"?
Where can one find the Smoky Hill Chalk Member?
How many precepts are on the list?
What are, according to the text, murmured for their duration?
where does walmart get its great value products
who voices mike and sully in monsters inc
what kind of wild cats live in ohio
When did the russian civil war take place?
What are some of the claims he's making?
What do the demonstrators want?
What decoration did Eisenhower receive as a result of his First World War service?
who developed staining method for differentiating between groups of bacteria
In what year did Vick plead guilty?
In what year did Melbourne set a target to reduce carbon emissions to net zero?
What year was Old South Church organized?
who did lebron james play for before the cavaliers
What is the name of the Dell service that gives home-users a support queue?
What country borders Eritrea in the southeast?
when were the new 7 wonders of the world announced
Is Mukasey's nomination expected to pass the Judiciary Committee?
runner up of icc t20 cricket tournament 2007
Who was the Chinese ambassador to the U.K.?
In what year did the new government enter the Arab League?
when does greenhouse academy season 2 come out
what does the season pass for fallout 4 include
what are the main sources of vitamin k
Where did the events take place?
who is minister of magic after voldemort dies
What was there quite a bit of?
when was the last time north korea participated in the winter olympics
who invented the first vehicle in the world
What have classical trained performers done extensively?
What issues to Savin address during this talk?
who is the girl in the bon jovi it 's my life video
What is the section of East 58th Street between Lexington and Second Avenues known as?
percentage of marriages that end in divorce us
Which precious metal did Biezma discover?
What was the aim of the partnership with Fold3.com?
whats The move is expected to bring 140-550 jobs to Florida?
The video of who?
of the house is chosen from the majority party and leads the house of representatives
Where were most of the victims working?
To whom was the device handed over to?
Who was the Foreign Affairs Minister?
who was found dead?
Why are the Attitude indicator and heading indicator vacuum-powered?
How many people have take refuge in emergency shelters?
what is the population of yankton south dakota
when does season five of the blacklist come out
What does the Atlanta opera inspire visually impaired kids to do?
what is the name of the governing body over the cma designation
How many Iranian pilgrims died in the Baghdad attack?
The concept of the guild was subordinated to the theory of what?
when does a pregnancy test detect the hcg hormone
Who criticized government in speech?
what is the center of a tootsie pop
Who hesitates on movie about Martin Luther King Jr.?
How long was William Jefferson sentance to prison?
What are community serving NPOs focused on?
Who found the remains?
where is the play set of romeo and juliet
How many messages were sent?
What path did Buddha find to soothe the strictness of Sramana religions?
who is Kim Richards?
What happens to Tuvalu?
when does mlb 2018 the show come out
Why was the broadcast the most-watched in history?
What couldn't Blumberg supposedly do?
who fired the first shots in the civil war
What institution has contributed to the growth of fuel biotechnology?
The military relies on what?
ub40 baby i love your way release date
which element exists as a diatomic molecule at stp
who has racist government?
What are hall churches in German cathedrals known as?
What happens when companies outsource?
when did hairspray first come out on broadway
What did the Romans do for those deities that favored Rome? 
how long will the ship remain
The scientific paper, What the frog's eye tells the frog's brain was released in what year?
How many games has Everton played against Aston Villa?
Goldman and Wall Street brought down what country's economy?
Who did Cook take over for on August 2014?
Who beat Bolivia 3-0 in South American qualifier for 2010 World Cup?
What was the name of the book Feynman wrote over light and matter?
Who got blasted over comments in NRA speech?
who has more super bowl wins afc or nfc
What kind of reviews did Kanye's fashion line spark?
What is the name of the CEO?
Roughly how many Egyptians lost their lives in the Battle of the Pyramids?
where does dawn of the dead take place
official release of game of thrones season 7
What is the states largest railway?
How important was beer brewing to Sumerians?
What portion of females reported that they were held back by managers?
How many jobs could be eliminate by the restructuring plan?
Who is Michael's chef?
If the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom becomes sick in New York City, what hospital does he go to?
What seperates the children in secondary school?
From how long ago do tools date in India?
What was used in the attacks?
minimum capital requirement for payment banks in india
When was the first 3.7 cm FlaK 18 introduced?
What did the safety system consist of?
What did the resulting split in the Boixos Nois group cause many to support?
What Operation was initiated after the successful Operation Roundup?
the case that made the exclusionary rule applicable to the states is
What was the Congo's annual increase in gross domestic product in the early '80s?
Who is the NFL Commissioner?
who played rosa in orange is the new black
What year did David Goldstein report that unlike male Ashkenazi lineages, the female lineages in Ashkenazi Jewish communities did not seem to be Middle Eastern?
What did the surveillance show?
Time is one of the fundamental physical quantities in which two systems?
when was a wrinkle in time first published
What was the historical economic base of Philadelphia?
Which country does Merkel say still has far to go in its unification process?
commonly used as a preservative for tissue specimens
Which two major time periods did placentals appear?
When was the Treaty of Sevres signed?
Who searched for specifically Slavic sub-group of R1a1a [M17]?
who sings the song i will try to fix you
when was the last time bristol city were in the premier league
How many passengers will the new airport be able to handle?
how did mission san gabriel arcangel get its name
what was significant about the outcome of the august coup in the soviet union
Into what parts did the Pasupatas divide the world?
What did city-states hope to gain from the Roman confederacy?
Which religion did the teenager convert to?
What did the war do for the reputation of Frederick the Great?
who scored most hat tricks in premier league
In what month of 2005 did Schwarzenegger hold a special election?
What is Lindsay Graham's job?
In England and which other country is there a curricula that revolves around nutritional education?
amendment 25 clarifies the rules of succession for the
who plays the voice of mack in cars
How many shoulder buttons do SNES controllers have?
What can chartered members of RIBA add to their name to indicate their status?
who was the first lord of the admiralty at the time of the lusitania 's sinking
What was the term given to books that did not have a dominant motif and contained something to offend almost everyone in authority?
What was the name of Sand's daughter's fiance that contributed to deteriorating the relationship between Sand and Chopin?
If a soldier is in a unit in jump status, what color beret do they wear?
who is going to host the world cup 2018
What do they need to tackle long and short-term hunger?
what are the concentric actions of the piriformis muscle
What people in what country had embraced the idea of evolution for many years before Darwin published his theory?
How were the exta read in Roman religious practice?
when did the broncos last win a superbowl
when did stephen curry get drafted to the nba
What was the SNES called in South Korea?
What is the show?
This decision reflected a revision of what?
Who has cancer?
What has killed more than 65000?
what year does the handmaid 's tale show take place
When were the Bali nightclub bombings?
How are the heads of the boroughs elected?
What was the name of the singing student Chopin was attracted to?
How long did Digimon stay off the air before returning?
What was the first name of the girl Chopin proposed to?
who did the voice of mrs. wolowitz on big bang theory
Which movement was representative of the ecumenical past?
what is the measurement of king size mattress
starlings law of the heart holds that the
Scholar says plot does not fit what?
What religion did the father convert to?
What are spices, peppers and chilis used in?
What evidence was in the truck that matched the description of the wanted vehicle?
who sings all the songs in coyote ugly
who has the most wins between real madrid and barcelona
New Haven Hospital is located at where in Hospital Green?
who wrote the jungle book and what was it about
Who wrote Muhayyelât?
how early can you buy alcohol in maine
the idea of fundamental rights in indian constitution was adopted from
What are Afro-Spaniards?
What percentage of Germans are Roman Catholic?
when do you lose the right to vote
when does new my hero academia episode come out
who wrote last night i had the strangest dream
when did the huns invade the roman empire
What is the third element?
How many people were killed?
what year was the car in the movie gran torino
who has scored the most points in nba finals
who killed them
How many inches of rain could Jimena bring?
how many seasons are there to the last man on earth
What city offers rebates?
Who did she offend?
What did Velez-Mitchell write?
who did n 't put enough lifeboats on the titanic
Why was this classification made?
what is the difference between acc and ncaa
What occurrence is measured by a seismometer?
when did the last lyons corner house close
What is the most common cause of diarrhea?
What is another element of the structure of a gene?
Who said that he won't relent "for a particular individual"?
About how many Plymouth residents are serving in the military?
Which branch of Freemasonry does not require a belief in a supreme being?
who played beaver in leave it to beaver
Where were the talks?
what were 2 defendants?
In addition to being used to build things, what has wood been used for over thousands of years?
Where was the Atlanta to San Francisco flight diverted to?
Who is he up against?
When naming a commercial HDTV product, a frame rate can be specified without what?
what version of windows media player comes with windows 7
When was Hard Candy released?
who owned the philipsburg manor before the break up
what type of dance music was later introduced alongside American house music?
Who wanted to leave the band?
what does thom yorke say at the end of daydreaming
Where did Joe Biden speak?
when did the first general election take place in india
Who has been killed?
How many languages are spoken by Nigerians?
the process by which a mechanical device is used to move a fluid or gas to transfer heat
when did the oil embargo of 1973 end
where do the new york mets play their home games
At what time of day did he rob the jewelry store?
Who was the Prussian Minister of War?
in which year india qualified for world cup football
when was the world of coca cola built
How much does a box of premium Vegas Robaina cigars fetch for?
Cox is a certified what?
what does the decree entail
what cases are rising?
who won the women 's champions trophy 2017
In what city is the George Inn located?
Why did Albania fall out with Thessaly, Macedonia and Epirus?
who are searching for the rest from Air France Flight 447?
When did he dump cash?
Whose son disappeared in 'Minority Report'?
What kind of engine does the vehicle have?
What flight number encountered "severe turbulence" about 4 hours after takeoff on Nov. 29?
who is the author of wind in the willows
Who was made the first dean of the new church?
What does the Group of volunteers help?
What does TSA stand for?
What is Kanda known for?
when did dale die in the walking dead
What is the name of the program that IBM uses to search for new start-up companies to solve world problems?
who was the god of the underworld in ancient egypt
who drives the home depot car in nascar
when did delhi become the capital of british india
￼ what actor / actress has won the most academy awards
why was korea divided at the 38th parallel at the end of wwii
when did the starving time start in jamestown
what does israel agree to
How many planes were hijacked on 9/11?
What percent disapprove of Zelaya?
who plays the step dad in ant man
the white house's youtube channel was the what number ranked news channel on youtube in 2012?
how many people remained
who played baby 's mother in the original dirty dancing
In which decade did there start to be a lot of traffic in Southampton?
Which festival draws up to 3 million people?
Where was Joseph Bohmann from? 
What Seattle fair lasts 24 days?
how many states are there in the nepal
what is the head of the mafia called
Mahiat is Arabic for what?
Why do people eat Gaejang-guk in the summer months?
when was the movie sound of music made
Where did the man die after Canadian police shot him?
girl from the office and parks and rec
What do non-cuticle annelids use to protect their skin?
What group assassinated Lord Mountbatten?
what happened to tequila
Who faults Calderon for stirring up violence with the war on drugs?
what did the truman doctrine do for greece and turkey
Who does the film star?
What three qualities of Liszt are stated to have captivated Frédéric?
who sings let 's marvin gaye and get it on
Who did the Cubs record their 10,000 regular-season against?
who played the lead in the movie i can only imagine
What did the administration release?
In what area did the protests occur?
What percent of people have been dumped over Facebook?
What term does the Quran use to describe Mohammad's lack of exposure to scripture?
When did study of a germ-free-life begin at Notre Dame?
when does series 2 of series of unfortunate events come out
Which major drink manufacturer decided at the beginning of American Idol not to be a sponsor? 
Who is filing for divorce from her husband?
The hemline of daytime skirts were allowed to rise after which year?
who played guido sarducci on saturday night live
How long is the B-52H scheduled to remain in service of the USAF? 
does eastwood still enjoy playing tough guys
What did the former teacher say about the winner?
What year did the Colorados defeat Oribe?
Who spoke to CNN?
Who wrote the song?
when does the movie midnight sun come out
what type of energy is stored in a capacitor
Treating the mitrailleuse like what rendered it far less effective
How many defendants were mere "foot soldiers"?
where did the members of the mormon church eventually settle
What number of people were killed and wounded in war torn capital?
What type of vehicles participate in the AG2R Race?
What did the lawsuit claim?
when does season 2 of the good place end
what year did the movie batman come out
when does ally appear in pretty little liars
What is the second facility of NARA named?
Are new laws worsening harsh treatment of gays?
who spent the most time on the fbi most wanted list
What percentage of Japanese merchantmen were sunk by U.S. submarines?
What is the country's main hub for international air travel?
what type of motor is used in most electric power steering ( eps ) systems
Who will make a final decision on what happened in car crash ?
What university is the largest of the continent?
the boundary between germany and poland is called
What did Khubilai claim for a while?
What does TDM stand for?
What did Beyoncé and Jay Z name their daughter?
What happened to Omar's leg?
For what reason was Hayek inducted into the order?
what has Kouchner told France to prepare for?
who has the largest oil reserves in the world 2015
a cold front brings what type of weather
What is Sotomayor?
Why did so many schools collapse during the earthquake?
where does the earth 's inner heat come from
What type of element would be used to encounter less reactance?
Where were the residents were evacuated to?
who belongs to the absurd school of drama
Who made clear the motivations of the filmmakers?
Who created a motor similar to Pacinotti?
Who has warned the mission could fail?
How many people were sickened?
What was the Chinese government first praised for?
who framed roger rabbit in who framed roger rabbit
What is the process called when gypsum is added to water?
What has impacted the debate on the legitimate use of known phenotypical characteristics?
who sang the theme from the greatest american hero
how do you separate the cell components from the liquid portion of blood
where does lark rise to candleford take place
The Gulf spill is larger than what?
For what does Beyonce receive praise?
Where do you send your lists?
where was game 1 of the world series played
What was the name of the Dipylon master?
when did they leave hospital
Who dissolved the government eventually?
who starred in saturday night fever with john travolta
Where was the coconut palm brought to St. Barts from?
What is a USB packet's end called?
What position was Michael Foot noted to occupy in government?
What weapon replaced the Scythian composite bow?
What is she being blackmailed for?
who wrote bill and ted 's excellent adventure
What did the Sri Lankan military say?
where was little house on the prairie supposed to take place
where did tin come from in the bronze age
the speaker of lok sabha is elected by whom
What happened in Haiti?
What does the Prince take part in?
how does river song have time lord dna
When did automakers start using electroluminescent technology to backlight gauges?
What is the new hearing about?
What are pickles soaked in?
when was the first car invented with a motor
What did the mother say
1 arab is equal to how many crores
who did the song he ai n 't heavy he 's my brother
Where did the copter take off from?
what is the difference between a raven and a crow in australia
what was he accused of
michael ondaatje writing style in running in the family
When did Public Safety Canada partner with Stop.Think. Connect?
During what time period did the German Empire use the colors red white and black?
Begleiter urged the government to resume using its photographers to document what?
Who was taken into custody?
the national organization of cypriot fighters ( eoka ) was focused on
If the grid circuit voltage is increased beyond its regular bias setting, what can happen to the conductive plates in power amplifiers?
Which of her teachers discovered Beyonce's musical talent?
what did pirates attack
what building is on the cover of hotel california
Who faces charges including communicating military information?
when was the school leaving age raised to 16
what is the main source of heat and light energy
when do niles and daphne finally get together
How much money was provided for Dreamworks?
what is the acronym for the protocol suite to which eap belongs
Where did the pilot ditch the plane?
who plays billy 's girlfriend in animal kingdom
1080i, 1080p, and 720p are often used on what kind of disc. 
Which award is named after the discoverer of the dye?
The kingdom of Germany formed within what outer established empires?
when is the sequel to the force awakens coming out
what percentage of the world 's population lives in india
who is the soccer player who scored most goals
What union are Yale's service and maintenance workers a part of?
who plays elizabeth 's dad in when calls the heart
What was Djibouti called in 1958?
With which individual did Lucius Cornelius have a rivalry?
whose birthday is it
What can he help prove?
who wrote if you go away on a summer 's day
What do most of the evangelicals want?
Who died as a result of infected tooth?
when is the last time the patriots went 0-1
where does the movie fifty shades of grey take place
name of castle in chitty chitty bang bang
Who says that healing is possible?
whats Losses are modest in Tokyo, Seoul, Sydney and Shanghai?
Does he seek independence?
who drop the atomic bomb on hiroshima and nagasaki
Narrative is placed into panels using what?
Where did the Han dynasty receive their coin type from?
Who is cohosting Gospel Dream?
What actor was upset when Pia Toscano was eliminated on American Idol?
Where did the FDA block seafood items from?
when did new zealand win the americas cup
Where was Sergei Korolev imprisoned for six years?
A news: prefix is given to the user's what?
how much of the pacific plate is oceanic crust vs continental crust
Who is the first American?
what power does the senate have in impeachment
What is apparent about the referee according to the official statistics?
who is known as the father of humanism
What region of the United States were American Idols first five winners from? 
what is the name of the capital city of canada
who is the little girl that plays in jumanji
At what century's start did revivalist fall into disfavor? 
where did pearl jam first play in seattle
what area of italy is lake garda in
Where are the exhibits shown?
how many charges does he face?
What is common prevention method of infections in medicine?
When did Yongle Emperor send Yang Sanbao into Tibet?
who did not have a brain in the wizard of oz
what is the largest building by volume in the world
who does matt dillon play in the outsiders
How did the Austrian troops spend the winter?
who comes after the vice-president in the presidential order of succession
what are the names of the boroughs in new york
what is the name of saudi arabia king
Which London museum is prominently located in Trafalgar Square?
What percentage of children in a 2005 survey of people in Hyderabad were underweight?
What is considered the first truly Gothic building?
Who was Monaco's coach?
Who reported there was a low turn out?
What party does Patrick Ollier associate with?
Who was made a cardinal by Paul VI on June 27 1977?
Which European country first deployed HD content using the new DVB-T2 standard?
who defends administrators' handling of the matter?
Who noted that cranes traveled from Scythia to the Nile?
Who were told they would be banned from reentering Thailand?
When will job begin?
what never arrived
Where did Holloway die?
What will be limited to achieve this?
when was the last time we had a triple crown winner in horse racing
What is she now the symbol of
What is one of the most prominent forms of Chinese opera?
who sang live and let die in the james bond film
who said give me liberty or gove me death
the eightfold path which is the middle path in buddhism is between the extremes of
What enables Himachal to sell hydroelectricity to other states?
Is Wi-Fi available on domestic airlines?
What organization operates the Delhi Metro system?
Where do the hijackings usually occur?
Why is mercury the better option for liquid used in a Hydrostatic gauge?
what was the role of the states under the articles of confederation
What were ANSI values often called in the beginning?
What was in the car?
who is the parent company of dunkin donuts
what is the book the adventures of tom sawyer about
who played bat masterson on the tv show
As the Second Army pushed into Ravine, the XII Corps cleared out which adjacent town?
What was the result of the police officer killing?
What has the process of devolution in the UK did?
Who was the artist of the first song used?
Where did Dominic and his followers live during early 1220?
when was the minimum wage introduced in uk
How many attended service at RCC?
Who was Apollo's mother?
When was he arrested?
Why do some countries display numbers in chunks of two to four numbers?
What is not uncommon in poverty-stricken India?
who wore number 23 for the miami heat
who won the last icc cricket world cup
Justice Secretary Jack Straw ended the Masonic disclosure law on what grounds?
Who is among those pardoned?
where in new york were the twin towers located
When did Kelly Pless started gaining weight?
how long has the battle been going on for?
what is the latitudinal value of the tropic of capricorn
The theorbo and what other Baroque instrument fell into disuse?
When did the last record high occur?
What street can you shop on?
What word is often used to describe Beyonce/
who plays charity as a kid in the greatest showman
where are lymph nodes located in large numbers
Who is divorcing their husband?
who is the current chief justice of uganda
What was "chicken in a basket" served in?
Who is Kevin Faulconer?
Who elevated the status of the Dukes of Brunswick-Lüneburg?
Who was Pakistan's army chief in 2013?
Nirvana and what term carry the same meaning?
What vehicle crashed?
how long did gunsmoke stay on the air
How will the infrared image of an object with a higher emissivity appear in relation to one with lower emissivity?
Whose prophecy is 'The World In Grey' based on?
how did constantinople serve as a center of trade
where was the movie forces of nature filmed
Where is he playing now?
When was Epistolae published?
What are the closest known living relatives of animals?
Along with Frank Sinatra, Doris Day, Johnny Mathis, Nat King Cole, and Perry Como, who was a prominent early adult contemporary radio artist?
who is trying to determine which fuel is best?
What new name did the Free Officers take?
What do analysts say about Islamic parties?
What is the criticism towards the policy?
At what time did Bardeen and Brattain experiment on increasing signal output?
What were his recent symptoms?
When will the baby have surgery?
who plays as snake eyes in gi joe
Which poets are closely alligned with Cubism?
Who spotted the woman?
what kind of dog was in the movie turner and hooch
who is suspect
When was don't ask don't tell repealed?
when does o'malley die in grey 's anatomy
Who funds narcotics trafficking?
The western communists new rhetoric was that the war was? 
where did season 2 of jersey shore take place
Who reunited six decades after surviving Nazi camp?
What is it called when a bird's kidneys extract nitrogenous waste from their bloodstream and secrete it as uric acid?
What did Nicolas Sarkosy overhear?
who sang the song it 's just a matter of time
who won 112170
what is the name of the guy who escaped alcatraz
Traditionally, how many Politecnici were there?
when was the last time the us added a state
the part of russia east of the ural mountains is known as
who is blamed by algeria for the bombings?
Bell investigated resonance using what?
who played sugar ray leonard in hands of stone
who played the mandarin in iron man 3
What hemisphere of stars did Edmond Halley want to study with the telescope?
Who heads an office or division?
When did the search really take off?
Against which team does Notre Dame compete for the Jeweled Shillelagh?
the measurement of moles of solute per liter of solution is known as
where does the last name arrieta come from
how many students were killed in the soweto uprising
How many counties is liberia divided into?
When will he unveil his shirt number?
who killed dennis rickman in eastenders in 2005
Where were the people gathered at his tomb from?
who is the commander in chief of the armed forces of the united states
According to who was the defining moment of Madonna's childhood with her mother's death?
What is a God in monotheism?
loss of diversity in a reduced population is called
What are archaeologists searching for?
Who is upset about World War I "genocide" resolution in Congress?
What are they setting the standard for?
When did Isaac Backus write against a state sanctioned religion?
when was the last nightmare on elm street made
what is the bell on a train for
when did roger federer win the french open
Where do the London Scottish and London Welch rugby teams play their home games?
Where do most landscape problems come from?
where was i still know what you did last summer filmed
when did rebel without a cause come out
What events created the Batavian Republic?
Who attended Google's launch?
who sang i shall be released the band
Where are prices cheaper?
When was the Treaty of Kyakhta written?
What policy in regard to the military did Eisenhower see to completion?
What includes such languages as Sumerian and Akkadian?
How many sub-national entities have surpassed 100 million people in total?
Who gave more exposure to the term heresy when attempting to descredit opponents during the early centuries of Christianity?
where does assassin 's creed brotherhood take place
What percentage of energy does a standard light bulb actually convert to visible light?
What did the English East India Company have difficulty attracting?
where does lana del rey live in la
where do you find velvet cow killer ants
In what city did the workers receive there injuries?
how many electoral districts are there in the us
Are the Jetstar executives accused of crimes in Vietnam?
Which club members fought?
What river did the jet land after being hit bt birds?
who sings this is me in the movie
What is the name of the child who disappeared?
What document called for Israel to abandon land it obtained during the war?
What was the overall growth rate for 2008?
What composer did Kanye collaborate with for his second record?
What did the study on Arctic find about temperatures?
What was the date of the start of the consular year from 222 BC?
How many horsemen did Osman I's father bring to aid the Seljuks of Rum?
Which French newspaper was accused of being biased by Chinese State press agency Xinhua?
Who wins joint environment award?
What do Muslims believe of the form of God?
What value does RK represent?
how many were let go?
Where do dunlin Calidris alpina migrate to?
when was the eiffel tower built and finished
When did English Freemasonry spread to France?
During what time period were the Codes for Eastern Churches made available, prior to the final version?
who did america fight in the war of 1812
What famous jewelry collection is held in trust by Elizabeth?
why sodium thiosulphate is known as hypo solution
What was the man convicted of calling Sherbini?
where did they film anne of green gables
Who says report is "appalling"?
Portions of what modern-day borough were included in the County of New York?
What are the controversial lyrics?
What is measuring and storing loudness of an MP3 file also known as?
When was the Third Great Awakening?
What overlaps significantly with Haredi Judiasm?
What did the gymnast score?
Route 128 and Greater Boston are centers for what type of investment?
what reactions are performed by hydrolytic enzymes in the lysosome
In what year did Stalin order the development of ICBMs?
How long ago does the evidence show moths and insects to have been indigenous?
when does dorney park close for the year
where was the john wayne movie true grit filmed
who played the bad guy in the movie cobra
who was the host of america got talent
who is the minister of sports and recreation
Where is Estonia located in Northern Europe?
who did vietnam beat
Who want land for border fence ?
what company had a harder time with a movie release
How many counties did New York originally have?
On what date did Japan surrender?
What shaped Steve Jobs' values?
Who were the Rinpungpa leaders related to?
Who used inhumane methods against oponents through the UBDA?
Who is accused of killing colleagues in Alabama?
where did 4th impact come in the x factor
What is the only other sacrament of the Protestants that the Catholic Church recognizes?
What number of crew members were shot during filming of "Kandahar Break"?
What was ruptured on the New Orleans?
What was the language base of the Kushans?
who won the big brother naija last year
when is dragon ball super episode 93 coming out
where is the show republic of doyle filmed
How many people met on the University of Louisiana-Monroe campus?
What was the first Japanese warship to be sunk by submarine?
where does the last name castellanos originate from
who plays brooke soso on orange is the new black
Who is currently at sea?
Who was accused of molesting two girls?
what are the 3 properties of a medium that effect sound
what date was the girl last seen in november
What were held with Security Council members?
In addition to the NTSC system, what 525-line system is considered a standard definition television system?
Of what did Tuvalu agree to the extension ?
What did she say?
When were the Sana'a manuscripts probably written?
what is the latest version of quicktime for mac
In addition to sensors and technical fire control, and weapons, what else did air defence evolution cover?
What did the supreme leader sermonize about?
What sort of programming does GEO-TV and ARY Digital offer
Who treats cancer patients pro bono after state funds were slashed?
Gen. Stanley McChrystal will ask for what?
What are the jounalists saying about information?
What was Britain's foreign policy called?
What date was the Charleston earthquake of 1886?
who wrote the preamble of the declaration of independence
Which two movie studios distributed the James Bond film Spectre?
What type of people got wealthy from the sale of state-owned companies?
For what department does the north campus location of Washington University provide off-site storage? 
what 's donnas real name from that 70 's show
how did they work on college financing 
who was first black footballer to play for england
Which subtype of annelids includes earthworms?
who sang and i think to myself what a wonderful world
when did iron maiden release their first album
What political party is the color blue associated with?
Is the gunman dead?
Who identifis recovered body·?
what is formed on top of continental crust
Who killed the family?
What year was the last brown bear recorded to have been killed?
What can citizens use to challenge any law passed by Parliament?
can cramer 's rule be used to solve any system of equations
What decade saw the victories of Joan of Arc?
how many goals have messi scored for barcelona
The study of syllable structure is part of what discipline?
What did licensing lead to regarding games?
who has lost the most in impractical jokers
What style of singing is absent from R&B played on urban adult contemporary format stations?
who has won the ipl cricket league a record 3 times since its inception in 2009
What did the sticky note left on Hummer say?
When wsa Lohan released?
who plays caesar in the planet of the ape movies
Which group did Presbyterian churches union with?
Who showed signs that he was considering resigning his position?
Who developed the method to get epinephrine in it's pure form?
Who have legislators filed an impeachment resolution against?
when do new episodes of star vs the forces of evil air
who praised Jobs' "brilliance, passion and energy"?
Prior to 1917, what church was in a similar situation as the Eastern Catholic Churches as regards its legal system?
which disorder is a common form of hypothyroidism
who won the women 's golf us open
how many letters are in the hawaii alphabet
In what year were there two military coups in Nigeria?
What months was marked as deadliest since war began?
What other American territory has these beetles that have infested Guam?
how many strikes were in last year?
who won season 1 the great british baking show
What type of language is Portuguese?
At which year's Mr. Olympia contest did Schwarzenegger become the youngest person to win the title?
which provisions are part of the eighth amendment
What has been Northwestern's official color since 1892?
who sang on evanescence bring me to life
In which year was the Hennessy Scholarship founded?
Where is Stockholm?
What do police use to control motorcyclist events?
when was the reservation policy introduced in india
What bacterium causes tuberculosis infection?
Where have make shift camps been erected?
What is the term for something that lists the important and notable parts of a genome?
who did dolly parton wrote i will always love you for
Along with Chris O'Donnell, who was the original host of Essentials Jr.?
who had the worlds largest economy in 2014
What don't members have to pay for?
What unique characteristic does the Princess Elizabeth station feature?
Who said proposed sanctions are "unprecedented" and "target" Syrians?
What type of model of public policy does France maintain?
Who does Liautaud hope to influence regarding the environment?
During what time period was the Archean era?
Currently, what department store is most popular in Canada? 
How many miles away from London is Southampton?
who won 2013 women 's cricket world cup
What type of choice does Obama have?
how many super bowl wins do the kansas city chiefs have
when was the legal age of consent introduced uk
What was the weight of the eagle?
Where will the girl be buried?
How many firefighters battle blazes in steep terrain across the state?
who did golden state win the nba finals
Who stars in the film?
who disappeared at Aruba?
What religion was Kino?
how many laps to go in the nascar race
Did Israeli prime minister intend to hurt civilians?
which describes what free soilers wanted for western lands
in the medieval period in india the term sati meant
all that remains what if i was nothing album
What happened to Djokovic?
who sang i 'll be over you by toto
what is the function of world trade organization
When did Chopin visit Berlin?
i established the first private orphanage in new york city
On Neptune, what do clouds above five bars consist of? 
What was the first song released by Carrie Underwood after winning American Idol? 
when are the closing ceremonies for the winter olympics in korea
How many people were on the jet?
Where did the semi finals take place before then? 
where do you check in at an airport
who won the battle of brice 's crossroads
who did the british execute during the american revolution for being an american spy
who said et tu brute in julius caesar
What did the actor say?
Where is the season-opener for Jenson Button?
What was reported at Tanner Industries?
Who was call for resignation?
opioid antagonists work by blocking the actions of
What did the majority leader say?
What are they going to do about crime?
What building material did coconut provide?
what allows users to think?
who was missing for months
What did the operator endure?
who did okc play in the nba finals
How much is bail set at?
How many new species of amphibians were found?
drug czar says it is a high-intensity drug trafficking area
Who put the original law into place?
when did the nba have a 3 point line
How old was the cub that died on Monday?
What does Janet Jackson open up about?
what were the defeats a result of
What will the global population reach in two years?
What made Matos angry?
When did the Xbox achieve 10 million units sold?
president at time of first nuclear test in india
who sings why does it have to be wrong or right
What usually consists partly of kinetic and partly of potential energy?
Name one second-generation technology that is market ready.
when did pitch perfect 3 come out in theaters
In what year did England suffer their first defeat at home to a foreign team?
What disease are they giving vaccinations for?
movie deaf girl falls in love with musician
What was the number of people that  lost power yesterday
what is the wavelength of a gravity wave
How old are the oldest buildings in Mexico City?
who played the dad on the donna reed show
In what month and year did TCM Remembers premiere?
What was the fate of the Lutheran manuscript printed in 1525?
When were they killeld?
What did Tom Johnson say about Lyndon Johnson?
Obama praises what?
what is section 301 of the trade act
where was little big town pontoon video filmed
Who won the the Rugby Canada Super League championship in 2005?
What increased after stocks tumble?
who won sa re ga ma pa little champs 2017
What plan was also administered by the ECA?
What daylight event was not celebrated after the dark sacrifice?
how far is cibolo texas from san antonio
When did the Italian Unification occur?
who wrote the song because you loved me
What happened with Ex-wife of Brazil?
where is most atp produced during cellular respiration
What did NATO confirm?
What was the title shortened to in  May?
How is the UPS store owner's business doing?
Who is calling for a legislation this year?
What percentage of American do Latinos make up?
What natives comprise a very small percentage of the population?
Where is the macawis worn?
where are the guns being smuggled
What did Lithuanian lawmakers report?
what is the full title of twelfth night
What military organization was based in Devonport until 1941?
number of world series won by red sox
when did they start calling black friday black friday
What is the second memory stage?
How many international schools are in Brasilia?
who demonstrated that a reflex could be conditioned to a neutral stimulus
who wrote do n 't it make my brown eyes blue
The true diversity within the insect species remains what?
what type of song did schubert specialize in
What is the main topic of the Kunsthalle Faust?
What was the STIF formerly known as?
What do the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action require the rule of law to be used in?
When did democrats gain control?
What are some preventative measures?
What right did Vance waive?
who came up with the 7 deadly sins
Where was the solar-powered village located?
who has the most championship belts in wwe
Who becomes first Frenchman to win three golds at major event?
Who says that the race will be tight?
Who does Bond meet in the MI6 building?
Were there any injuries reported aboard Boeing 737 flight?
who founded jamestown in what is now virginia
when do episodes of my hero academia come out
who is the highest ranking officer in the us army
who wrote gim me gim me thoroughly modern millie
What year did Olympic Air receive an award as Top Domestic Airline?
who played igor in the movie van helsing
when does deeks first appear in ncis la
About how many million square feet of office space is present in Midtown Manhattan?
What is the most populous city in the Thar Desert?
What theory claims that popular belief was based on fiction?
who does the voice for sadness in inside out
what is the size of a iphone 7 plus
who won the daytona 24 hour race 2018
when did the dallas cowboys last beat the denver broncos
Who plays the role?
How many people have been sent advice
who played the bride in father of the bride
where did the raptors play before the acc
Which scientist championed the idea of evolution?
who created the famous rock garden of chandigarh
What does the Conference in Montreal aims to develop?
what language do they speak in st croix
What are the busiest airports?
Who described woman who spoke to him as bigoted?
What is the name of the canal built on top of chemical waste?
who broke out of jail
how many seats needed to win majority in pakistan
What did she say might be the solution?
what movie is the song the entertainer from
the un recognises how many regions in asia
where did tom brady win his first superbowl
Who is Keanu Reeves?
The principle facade of the East Front is made from what type of stone?
In what century was the Notre Dame Cathedral built?
What did the leaked memo set out
type of legislature established by the articles of confederation
What is the exception to this reduction?
Where does Miami fall among the most populous urban areas in the United States?
when does season 3 of wanted come out
What court tried the case?
A detached knot will probably drop out of the wood when someone saws it into what?
who sings the opening song for sons of anarchy
when did british columbia became part of canada
What did McKerrow concede about his new copy-text method?
Who went through from Group H?
In what year did the Bell's move to London?
how many books are in stephen king 's dark tower
Which individual was last seen on October 11?
Where is the Museum of Somerset 
what is the least populated state in the us
Why may older adults quit doing activities the love?
When did Julius Caesar's term as consul end?
What is being investigated?
Who was soon allied with Caesar's adopted son following his death?
what does the name maddox mean urban dictionary
Who collaborated with Beyoncé on the single, Deja Vu?
The EIC made what available to the government of the island between 1815 and 1830?
when was ed sheeran 's first album released
when was the last time the government was shutdown
On which day did CBC release an updated announcement stating they were striving to update all 27 transmitters?
What does the worm do according to Microsoft?
What is the equivalent size of 500 micrograms of ricin?
What crime is under-reported?
Where is the practice legal?
What is another example aside from racial quotes of affirmative action for collegiate admissions?
Some of the oldest private schools in Charleston date back how long?
Along with Liban Abdi, Ayub Daud and Abdisalam Ibrahim, who is a notable Somali football player?
What is the HBO series called?
what type of plane is the wright flyer
where is roman empire located on a map
which organisation has proposed first to constituent assembly to form the indian constitution
when did the metropolitan museum of art open
What kind of odd items are brought in?
What factors deplete Melbourne water supplies?
who are the serial killers in ahs hotel
nominees for best female rapper bet awards 2017
who won season 10 of australia 's next top model
What word is often added to the names of time zones when used in British English?
What was the score of the game?
who plays arturo on the young and restless
At what event did Sony tell everyone about the CECH-4000?
What did China need help for?
What kind of appearance did Sumerian houses have?
Youtube depends on who to flag inappropriate videos?
What age was the oldest jumper?
What did Jeff confess to?
which type of muscle tissue makes up the biceps
when was the last time arsenal won the fa cup
In what century did the latin vulgate bible use the term coccumque bis tinctum?
Landscapers volunteer during?
What does knowing the sexual population influence?
what was the first european country to launch long ocean voyages of exploration
Where are these people from?
What language should all books be in?
where do you have to be born to be president
what are the components of a viral envelope
What does "PKK" stand for?
What beer is better for the environment than bottled beer?
Who was caught cooking a tiger?
when did the one child policy start in china
what caused illnesses
What branching common descent theory has become the most unifying one of the life sciences?
what does it mean when an invoice has been posted
Who will always be associated with his epic fights?
who sang the theme song to kim possible
what will the tunnel link
Under what rule was China not isolated?
where does most work of legislating in congress take place
What group still exists and promotes Valencian culture?
Red was chosen as part of the Nazi flag to do what?
who did regina king play in the boondocks
what nationality is Onyewu
How much more than expected will the stimulus cost?
What sentence did more than twenty people received after being convicted?
Who is the newest member of Bravo's programme?
where does the energy come from to make a proton gradient
Where is there a growing presence of Theravada?
After Yesler Way fell into ill refute, what was the term generally used for this type of decline?
first atomic power station in india was started at
What does deliberately entering the wrong password enough consecutive times cause?
who 's the offense of coordinator for the cincinnati bengals
What are anti-virals good for?
Which of the three earliest technological universities was founded most recently, in 1861?
who sang mother of mine on opportunity knocks
when does the new season of travelers come out
What spokesman said about Jackson`s death?
What is created by a portion of a radio waves energy reversing?
What did the Z3 operate for a clock frequency?
the precursor cell to a plasma cell is the
Who was ordered to remove the Jews from the Ministry?
What are most decoders?
What was MAD?
who sang i 'm telling you i 'm not going
who did ireland vote for in eurovision 2018
What percentage of the population identifies as Hispanic?
What was La Malinche essential to?
what was the score
What is Neptune's dipole magnetic moment? 
when are the world cup games being played
What 2 critics gave Twilight Princess awards for Best Graphics and Best Story?
What is Link's job at the start of Twilight Princess?
which raf base did the dambusters fly from
What nationality is Dementieva?
What does Italian media claim?
Who scored for winning for AZ?
Why do birds migrate?
How many groups are there?
What is the area above the treeline defined as?
What do poppy plants help produce?
When did Rutherford introduce the new name for the Society?
In what year did the Battle of Auerstadt take place?
Which airline is limiting flights to and from Anchorage?
Why is the Bermuda Triangle an area of interest?
What are officials estimating?
How many bodies were found?
who plays the school nurse in hannah montana forever
who was the guy who shoot in las vegas
What names The Latino Commission gave to deLeon?
where is the housewives of orange county filmed
What was Bower's second step in editing multiple works into a single product?
What is Tucson's CBS station?
What type of working dog may have been the reason so many humans were able to get into North America 12,000 tears ago?
What do 15% of secondary school students study as a foreign language?
What spread are countries taking precautions to stem?
What should you take with you instead of cards?
Who was told not charges have been filed
What does the passenger recall?
What age group is at risk of h1n1 complications?
who sings lead vocals on here comes the sun
who is the actress playing mac on young and the restless
new england clam chowder is that the red or the white
Where has the dictator been convicted of crimes?
What did the Jordan Thomas Foundation raise?
who created the demographic transition model ( dtm )
what country banned Adam Air
Who was laughing at Palin's situation?
Are squabs treated differently from other piegons by humans aside from consumption?
What happened to Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra?
Who creates sustainability practices at Yale?
when did hurricane sandy happen in new york
What was Spears placed on?
What movie was an exceptional follow-up to "Batman Begins"?
Which coach did Juventus sack?
what happens at the end of roll of thunder hear my cry
Where is the money going?
when was the statue of liberty given to the united states
What is Operation Iron Harvest?
What did Panel propose?
What was Smith's grandmother's maiden name?
Who was accused of sending suggestive messages?
Who did the safety officer say had a fierce will to live?
Who wants to sign Ronaldinho?
what old time radio show was also made into tv
when did the second battle of ypres start
Why was there doubt about the Latin word?
what news organization is hosting boardroom master classes
Who had to go to court?
What is being spread?
how many episodes does the dragonball z series have
When did poster art become an important art form?
what kind of bird is the aflac mascot
who did miley cyrus play in hannah montana
When did Celtic tribes settle in Switzerland? 
when did dolly parton release i will always love you
the doric lonic and corinthian styles are known as the
Near what body of water is St. John's located by?
the actress that plays sue heck on the middle
What caused the hole in the cabin?
what film used the footage
Who was the ceremony for?
Devan Kalatha how old?
When did the Chinese use diurnal rhythms to remember Acu-points?
What is the highest numbered street on Manhattan Island?
what is the Michelle Obama speech about?
What did the US not want to see repeated?
How many lab visitors and employees may have been affected by their exposure to beryllium?
What did some members of the conspiracy believe Caesar would bring back?
What is involved in drug discovery?
Who is in charge of these Change in Operational Control missions? 
which amusement park holds the record for most rides
the set of northbridge and the southbridge are collectively known as the
who does the vocals on money by pink floyd
How many people were killed?
where will the new raiders stadium be built
On what day do Notre Dame home football games occur?
who is the prophet who was thrown into the sea and swallowed by the whale
How many commercial farmers were driven off their land since 2000?
who made the song diamond in the back
who played mary poppins in the 1964 film
who played the baby in honey i blew up the baby
What is the exact setting for FM News & Talk?
Until the 1980s, when had an American film last been shot in Shanghai?
What is the art of writing Chinese characters?
what was the first state to secede from the union leading to the civil war
What have governments done to offset the reduction in private sector demand?
How many people can the Mayflower Theatre hold?
Who said the Reflections were "the manifesto of a Counter Revolution"?
Who abducted Smart?
who played with rod stewart on maggie may
Who is the Iranian President?
Who is to become the youngest double word champion in F1 history?
If the effects are valid, for RK = n/e2, what is the measurement of KJ2RK equal to?
who made the most goals in soccer history
Who does Peru's military blame?
Whose favorite style is baroque?
Who has the power to appoint and dismiss the Prime Minister?
Who is the Department of Homeland chief?
What did they say the courts could not withhold?
What is Chili also seeing?
When does sentencing begin?
What oil field was the bid for?
Along with the early modern and ancient, during what period did Somali architecture exist?
What did Sheen's wife do?
who was the first person buried in westminster abbey
What percentage of the population is economically active 
What did the Rule of St. Augustine believe in?
Who is Clarence Jones?
As of June 2015, how many estimated visitors does youtube have in a month?
What is the name of Aretha's new album?
Who was operating the motorized parachute which lost control?
Who founded the Atlanta-based Intercontinental Exchange?
Who is the female lead in this movie?
What age is Peterson?
what did the senior official say?
when was beauty and the beast cartoon made
who is chloe from days of our lives married to in real life
What is the name of famous speech by Dr. Martin Luther King?
What Michael Jackson album was one of the best selling albums of all time?
where in the bible is the story of ruth and naomi
Who is visiting ?
What was another name by which Abmad ibn Ibrahim al-Ghazi was known?
who was involved in the fugitive slave law
Where was larry craig  arrested
what animals are on the michigan state flag
who sings i ca n 't tell you why by the eagles
What is the length of military service required of men?
Why did Ukrainians collaborate with the Axis?
Who suffers from lupus and has received two transplants?
when were the republican and democratic parties formed
when are the fa cup semi finals played
By better using resources, how does that improve an organism's chances of surviving?
What do plants release during photosynthesis?
What did Monti give his life for?
To what did Joseph Bédier attribute the prevalence of the stemmatic method?
who steps in if a president is impeached
What's the title of the fifth film in the Terminator franchise?
Who cuts china's growth forecast?
How is COPD differentiated?
where is deep creek lake located in maryland
how many members were there in the bee gees
What was another name for the Ottoman Dynasty? 
who followed standard U.S. air-safety procedures?
when do the nba season start this year
What will the government set up at airports?
Do bantams lay regular sized eggs ?
who played bb 8 in the force awakens
What was the high priest in the College of Pontiffs called?
who wrote the song not afraid by eminem
What did the knight leave at the summit of Rocciamelone?
who starred in hand that rocks the cradle
What was tony marshall convicted of?
What country is holding an election?
What country was Benazir Bhutto associated with?
when did Atlantis launch
where did the new york settlers come from
Which treaty did Canada ignore?
who makes the most movies in the world
when did west indies won t20 world cup
What is dutch for "Peasant Wedding"?
What part of the NC Constitution forbids atheists from holding public office?
What war was taking place in the 1640s in England?
Who led Chinese and American troops for NCAC?
who vote to elect a raja sabha member
What made the Air traffic control warned the pilot?
what are the ingredients in andrews liver salts
Where pepper grows?
where did they film last man on earth
People on the crashed plane were heading were?
who is Reese Witherspoon?
who plays wills dad in will and grace
What did Imperial Airways and Pan American begin scheduling in 1937?
Who is the headmaster of the Christian Brothers of Ireland Stella Maris College?
who sang the vocals for the movie rockstar
Where is the base unit for the kilogram kept?
What were they being trained for?
What provided developmental continuity between the ancient and modern ages?
What is the causative spirochete of syphilis? 
who designed the national flag of south africa
What was placed at the foot of Barrow's bed that caused an argument
What years was Bertrand Delanoe Mayor?
where was held the ics exam in india first time
Who created the astrolabe?
When was the Greek War of Independence?
Who last saw Haleigh Cummings?
where does the last name urrutia come from
where does rammer jammer yellow hammer come from
where is the great sand dunes national park located
SBC delegates are called what?
the boy billionaire is based on which famous personality
Who's band happened organically?
What were three sites used for filming Spectre?
what nba franchise has the highest winning percentage of all time
How much are the club losing due to limited capacity?
What is a French overseas territory?
Who believes in self determination more than anyone else
Whose worldview contrasts with that of idealists in the ordinary sense of the word?
who plays christian grey on fifty shades of grey
what is the standard value of atmospheric pressure
who supported the creation of a national bank
Musical notation is effective for what?
Which countries' scholars developed the contemporary police concept?
who sings when will i see you again lyrics
Who disagreed with the aesthetic of Brutalism?
who determined the outcome of the election or 1800
What was a world wide sensation?
when do booth and brennan become a couple
Who supported the letter?
When are U.S. troops to be out of Iraq?
Who were cast in the 100th episode?
What does Gary McKinnon admit to?
Who wrote the Jazz oldie "(Get Your Kicks on) Route 66"?
what was ahmed omar abu ali convicted of
What company did Laemmle found in June 1909?
When will the two teams next play?
where was the first army navy game played
What is the new movie called?
What song did Aretha Franklin sing?
What was the name of the liner that left Southampton on its final journey on November 11, 2008?
when were chelsea promoted to the premier league
where did kansas city 's quarterback go to college
What side did the unidentified man jump in on?
Gates acknowledges Taliban for what?
What type of faith is Protestantism?
what is the name of the nearest star to earth
What is the daily average temperature in July?
who plays barney stinson in how i met your mother
who does dwight end up with on the office
who plays campbell in bring it on the musical
Who decided to resign
What was the result of their recommendation?
which article of the constitution addresses the states and territories
who all is running for governor in ohio
What happened to the usage of financial innovation products in the years leading up the financial crisis?
Most Grand Lodges require a candidate to declare a belief in what?
The epitome of the Mediterranean diet are dishes from where?
what is the result?
who wrote what i 've done by linkin park
How many Pakistani where killed in the airstrike?
What stressed out Boyle?
when did mandela write long walk to freedom
Who does the bulletin say made the claim to a news agency?
who was the song think of laura written about
what was found in compound
Which group brought with them the Chinese artistic traditions to the Southeast Asian country?
when does father 's day fall every year
When was the extinct species believed to have lived in Myanmar?
in geography the term mediterranean climate refers to
Which side is known for primarily being industrial?
who does the my brother my brother and me intro
What is under review?
who is the lead singer of looking glass
what has the fbi announced
where is the central west end in st louis
Detroit Medical Center has become a part of what Health System?
real name of palak in roop mard ka naya swaroop
Who do Hindus believe lives in Mount Kailash?
What is practiced behind closed doors?
what day the boat sank
In what mythology do two canines watch over the Chinvat Bridge?
What European national ancestry was claimed by 45% of Tennessee residents in 1980?
What is BP's next plan?
Does Dutch borrow more or less from Romance languages for its vocabulary than German?
what do you call ice falling from the sky
What are the two different programs offered at KU's Schoold of Journalism?
when do doug and carol get married in er
Alissa Everett was deciding on what when she decided to do soul-searching
How many games in a row did the Cubs win in a row during 1935?
when did the detroit lions last won a championship
pigouvian or sin taxes are placed on goods that
who was the statue of liberty modelled on
Who was Eisenhower's campaign manager in 1952?
Which European first saw the Marshall Islands?
Which judge apologizes?
where was the first catholic church built in the world
How many bilateral agreements did Bern and Brussels sign to further liberalise trade ties?
that Prime Minister came to Beijing
What kind of Valencan is spoken in Western Catalonia?
What was the score in the Galaxy game?
Which country could be the next base for al Qaeda?
who made lestat in interview with the vampire
who played stanley 's daughter in the office
Where is Fort Lewis?
What year did Parliament first take a vote and decide against implementing daylight savings?
who is the head of state of morocco
When did Kerry Wood strike out 20 batters against Houston?
who was the first elected president of the united states of america
What is the nickname for a Barcelona supporter?
when did icd 9 change to icd 10
who played in the movie the man who fell to earth
who is the leader of the ontario libertarian party
when did the last person in the civil war die
When did Benjamin Huntsman begin to melt blister steel in a crucible
Who were obstructing appointments?
When did police find these?
What kind of music does Malika Pukhraj perform?
What practice was desired through connecting religion and schools?
Roughly, what percentage of latent tuberculosis infections result in active tuberculosis?
Where did the cadaver dogs also search?
first person to climb north face of eiger
when was real love by the beatles released
who voices randy on f is for family
What are all states guaranteed by the federal government?
Who is the pro-democracy leader?
How many soldiers were killed?
who was the one that left one direction
who sang the theme song to beauty and the beast
what are the odds of winning a game of solitaire
Who was injured in the crash?
What post did Dominique Strauss-Kahn hold
What do eusocial insects guard?
who was most responsible for the second part of cell theory ( that cells come from previous cells )
when was the university of south carolina established
What may make dogs have the ability to be trained by, play with and fit in with people?
What happened to Mutaguchi's troops?
ml5 said what?
What did Steve Conway say?
who won the season 11 of the voice
who wrote little big town when someone stops loving you
who plays miss kate in the next step
Who was CDC head from 2002 to the end of the Bush administration?
what had broken down
What number of bodies were found?
Destabilization of what regime was the main goal of Napoleon's followers?
when was the last time the mariners went to the world series
who played cipher in fast and furious 8
Amount of survivors recovered from Cypriot-flagged Ibn Battuta cargo ship?
who are the singers on kirk franklin lean on me
how many cats attended
who starred in the movie mackenna 's gold
what is a passport with an integrated chip
What slavic word denotes "foreign people?"
When did the accident happen according to officials?
What two forts fell on the same day in 1758?
the pattani united liberation organization ( pulo ) is focused within which country ​
Where is the forensic artist from?
Imamah is a position appointed by who?
In 1770, who reported that Medri Bahri was a distinct political entity from Abyssinia?
Have any other countries ever established a foot hole in Burma?
Along with ethnicity and and religion, what other characteristic defined a member of a victimized group?
where did the first action of the spanish-american war occur
Who turned down a switch to Inter Milan?
Has anyone claimed responibilty?
where did the spanish first find a permanent settlement
who won season 1 of drag race all stars
What types of severe weather does Oklahoma get?
In addition to "whiskers," what does silver sprout around ions like halide?
What countries joined Britain as allies?
Beloved is a term for God used by which style of Quranic interpretation?
ariana grande one last time guy in video
when will the winner of american idol be announced
Who says the backlash against rising inequality is jeopardizing globalization?
What German areas were beginning to oppose Prussia?
what is the new store cydia?
where is the world cup taking place this year
What was General Hodge appointed the head of?
Where were the divers from?
Where do the Plymouth Raiders play their home games?
How many years has Elizabeth been Queen?
how many times have the steelers beat the cowboys
What covers an annelid's exterior?
What are two things that a computer always has?
Who smack batons?
In terms of education in Swaziland what does the acronym SIMPA represent?
What profession did Frederic Remington hold?
who wrote the declaration of rights of man and citizen 1789
About how much are the staff of the University of Plymouth paid yearly in total?
Where did a family seek shelter?
Who worries about the arms race in South America?
how much is the tilt of the earth 's axis
The resurgence of traditional pop was one of the factors that led to what change in the music market?
Who said "Sometimes, the injury of a child is more severe" punishment?
What is the name of woman?
who is the writer of a century is not enough
what are the 2 sections of the somerset levels
who wrote the climb sung by miley cyrus
What is Abu Uthman suspected of doing?
U.S. to impost tariffs on what?
who was the original host of american top 40 music countdown
What issue has moved to the forefront in recent years?
What do the people of Cyprus rely on for domestic and agricultural supply of water?
when did age of empires 2 come out
What did the Commonwealth want to replace the Norfolk Island government with?
What is beers primary active ingredient?
What two groups is the conflict between?
Do antibiotics mess with birth control pills?
Is anyone offended by the blog and the book?
What did the judge do?
The electrical properties of neurons are controlled by what?
Who created the crystalline silicon solar cell?
where do catherine and edgar reside after marriage
What term was used in Britain for double daylight saving time?
Who suggested the name Oklahoma?
When did John Terry undergo surgery on broken cheekbone?
In what city can KU's Edwards campus be found?
What happened days following the disaster?
What committee did Kerry chair in 1991-1993?
who won the super bowl on february 6 2011
which nhl team has won the most consecutive stanley cups
What did the controller do early Sunday?
When was RIBA's first satellite office opened?
How many were killed by the airstrike?
How much money is needed to clear all mines?
What wish of Virgil's did Lucius Varius Rufus and Plotius Tucca disregard?
Were the weaknesses detailed?
what is the amount dubai world account?
which jewish festival remembers camping in the desert
How many trees were planted?
Which type of oily animals where also used as lamps after being threaded with wick?
What is Himachal Pradesh rank according to the 2005 Transparency international survey?
Before the amendment in 1982, under what situations could a listed species be displaced?
all standard classes of java are included within a package called
who is running in the alabama senate special election
What does the survey mean?
who plays juliets partner in psych the movie
Who is accused of murder?
What was tax rate imposed on the personal income?
The world's longest insect is what length?
what stimulates the corpus luteum to produce progesterone
Who did Manchester United beat?
where did the name new brunswick come from
who plays the waitress on it 's always sunny in philadelphia
By how much has assisted reproduction increased between 1996 and 2004
who has the most grand slams in major league history
When did the ban begin?
what was the discovery made by the zoo
The debate regarding factors influencing the development of insulin and leptin is not just about how, but also about what other factor?
the presenters of the great british bake off
where was the first transatlantic phone call made
What kind of investment is encouraged?
who played catwoman in the tv show batman
Who were the Ottomans led by?
What were there periods of during the Triassic?
What did the radio broadcast encourage?
when does the movie summer of 84 come out
where 's the next winter olympics going to be held
What did PM Fillion hope to stimulate?
In what year did glassmaking begin in Asia?
What was the London hub of the British press?
compound formed in solution from the negative ion of an acid and the positive ion of a base
UI redress attack or User Interface redress attack is also known as what?
where does the index go in a book
What is the name of the Samoan dance only men can perform?
What is the Judaeo-Spanish language developed by Sephardic Jews who migrated to the Iberian peninsula?
What will NASA be able to map in 3D
what does it mean to be an aboriginal australian
What is the largest populated city in Arizona?
What was "like Christmas'?
What was nasser's position toward imperialism?
Which of Alexanders commanders were the first to visit Bahrain?
the baker plan for addressing the debt crisis was based on the assumption that
Stinger and Igla are two examples of what type of system?
Which river is the eastern edge of the South Bronx?
What sort of decisions did Warren favor on the Supreme Court?
From what census is this information from?
Who placed Victoria into her coffin?
Should businesses communicate bad news to employees?
who played the brothers in seven brides for seven brothers
What is the cost of a home solar system?
In a Federal Reserve survey of 4,000 households, what percent reported wealth decline between 2007 and 2009?
What does child labour do for adults?
When is the anniversary of the Revolution?
b.b . king is noted for what type of music
Who killed innocent civilians in the Nanking Massacre?
What did the president's office say?
How is the soul perceived according to Avicenna's work "Floating Man"?
What occurred in February of 2016?
where is the national college championship game played
when did full throttle open at six flags
In what building did the city's deadliest industrial disaster occur?
what is the purpose of the razzies
how high is a captain in the navy
In what year were luminescence standards set?
Who's record is unbeaten?
what 's the nfl record for longest field goal
where did the name gilded age come from
where does the money for the powerball come from
who established the first spanish mission in texas
the area on the taskbar from which frequently used programs can be opened
what effect did the war of 1812 have on the united states
Which government is criticized for allowing security in Swat?
What distinguishes birds from almost all other vertebrate classes?
why was fort gibson so important to both sides during the civil war
How much did Brooke Astor's foundation donate to the city?
How many PureCell Model 400 fuel cells can be found in New Haven?
When was the theory of plant hormones introduced?
who  is ultimately responsible for the firm's mistakes?
What caused the Qing armies to lose many battles?
What describes functions having antiderivatives of a prescribed form?
waht was the name of largest ship operating in the Indian ocean?
How many people were wounded?
Where have the snakes been dumped?
How many people were evacuated?
What was the first season in which England's qualifiers and friendlies were broadcast on ITV?
who made the machines in horizon zero dawn
how high is the diamondback at kings island
what did the police say about the killings?
When did the couple start dating?
What have would be parents volunteered for?
Who was the first female to achieve the International Artist Award at the American Music Awards?
where is the air force base in alabama
what is he suspected of?
What did the attorney say about the father receiving a longer sentence?
the total area of the chart in excel is called
Which passports were used by the members?
What items were on auction?
who played fiddle on do n 't pass me by
how many mg of thc to test positive
What is increased by keeping a single species from being dominant in an ecosystem?
where was officers?
what is earth 's motion around the sun in a path called
where does the story of the film casablanca take place
who wrote the theme music for indiana jones
who would be president if both president and vice president died
Where was it invented?
polar bodies are produced during the formation of
Of what were prodigies predictors?
when was the last time tottenham hotspur won a trophy
who determined that all animals are made of cells
What was Krishna Rajarman's age?
what album is like a stone on for audioslave
Who revealed the names of two al Qaeda leaders?
where does an atom 's mass come from
What was Luther's main principle?
What was latest turnover by Ramsay?
Where was Mary rumored to have died?
what is the worker charged with
what type of cell has no nucleus or membrane bound organelles
where did pilgrims live before sailing to the new world
when does no man 's sky release for pc
Why did Naples remain neutral?
How many times did Uchitel meets Woods?
What President Obama said?
What agreement was not applicable to Disarmed Enemy Forces?
when was the last time michigan made it to the final 4
all time leading scorer in big ten basketball
accommodation and aqueous production are a function of the
For how long did the evidence of a concave water surface hold authority in reference to space?
How available are the sources of knowledge on Indian philosophy?
what was the world population in the year 1900
in the movie fried green tomatoes who is ninny
how many times has india won the world cup in hockey
What did Israel test-fire?
What defines "blackness"?
who sang with reba mcentire the song does he love you
Who was jailed for 12 weeks?
In what city is the Asian and Pacific Centre for Transfer of Technology located?
What legendary players have failed to win French Open title?
In what Central American country has cotton use been found from early times?
Who is serving nine years for fraud?
After the 15th century, what was the Order of Preachers known as?
Pope Paul VI raised the cap on cardinal electors from 70 to what?
who plays the model in the good cop
What happened when antibiotics was over used in livestock?
what type of duck is a yellow duckling
Who is Galicia's patron saint?
what are the traditional appetizers in spain called
where is the setting of may day eve
When did the Allies invade North Africa?
How many people in total died in Homs?
If (SMURFF) did not collect water where would it go?
who is the starting kicker for the atlanta falcons
The Indus Valley Civilization was the first to have traces of what?
What actor performed the role of Archie Bunker?
What are the ex presidents of some countries urging?
Who are two examples of the top football players born in Portugal?
Who will untimately take responsibility?
What was considered a pathway to holding a higher office?
Many rooms in the new east wing are in what style?
What is the SI unit of illuminace and luminous emittance?
what is methyl tertiary butyl ether ( mtbe )
Immigrants from Albania are usually what religion?
what is the highest point in south dakota
What actor directed and starred in the film Gran Torino?
where is the show wild n out located
when does the new winter big brother start
what is the elevation of pikes peak in colorado
who was driven out of spain during the reconquista
What equipment did police say the suspect had?
What is the name of the rapper?
Whose door was spray painted
What is Kerry's younger brother's name?
What was the last husband of Jacquelyn Kennedy known for ? 
what is the name of the dog in ferdinand
How much revenue does the league generate in domestic and international television rights?
who plays peter 's mom on family guy
who played the penguin in the original batman tv series
Which communications companies were enlisted to help?
who issues currency notes and coins in india
who created the plan that became known as the american system
Which movie failed to make the Oscars shortlist?
What year did Suriname join the Dutch Language Union?
What does the fraud involve?
Which equipment was used for the Doomsday Project?
who is running for president of mexico 2018
The move comes after what?
Who is killed in a suicide bomb blast?
What had police suspected?
what does it mean when you hear high pitched noises
where is you ll never walk alone from
what is the date of money in the bank 2017
What was introduced in von Neumann algebras?
who died from a gunshot wound to the neck?
what is the full form of rtr in apache
Who was the first person to carry the torch in Macao?
when was the last time the giants were 0-5
What did Murray allegedly give Jackson?
who is the president
Which service contains 10 HD channels and finished its roll out in October 2012?
What animal was "road-killed"?
What was his catchphrase?
who did the los angeles lakers defeat in the 2000 nba finals
when did pan american go out of business
when did the original annie movie come out
What was the election for?
who won the first stanley cup in 1894
when did jack in the box first open
what movie was about the diamond trade in africa
who does brooke marry in bold and beautiful
Who is encouraged to grow wheat?
Could the act be viewed as a result of the officer's awareness of danger?
west ham players in the 1966 world cup
Which philosopher argued that without belief in a God who punishes evil, the moral order of society was undermined?
who has competed in the most world cups
who played brian in dr quinn medicine woman
Who injured his shoulder?
What is one purpose of a greenhouse?
What did these flashes simulate?
Which countries are involved in the deal?
when was the va declaration of rights written
How many Filipinos shought shelter?
when was chasing cars played in grey 's anatomy
Where was McQueen found dead?
when did the volcanic eruption in pompeii occur
Who says he has not had time to prepare his defense?
When was resistance first discussed as a problem in the raising of farm animals?
What script was developed with parts of Chinese characters?
what is the name of spain 's most famous soccer team
What date did IBM announce that its executives would forgo bonuses for fiscal year 2013?
how many times has gail platt been married in coronation street
when was the eiffel tower built in paris
in the play prometheus bound zeus is portrayed as a
how many vietnamese immigrants are in the united states
The Islamic revolution took place in which year?
What goes down the last time March 28th?
when did the eagles go to super bowl
when did spurs move to white hart lane
who wrote the moon 's a harsh mistress
Which theology did everyone agree science was a part of in the 19th century?
when was the declaration of independence adopted by the continental congress
where was the movie birth of a nation filmed at
What has been linked to salmonella?
where is the car in dude wheres my car
Who are still poor and illiterate?
What is the Eritrean traditional instrument, the wata?
Who was elected as president of the Barcelona club in 2010?
What is mentioned as a "disease of poverty"?
when did england last get into world cup semi finals
What did most Western countries view as an illegal claim by the USSR?
How many days is the visit to North Carolina and Virginia?
where does rabbit live in winnie the pooh
What is the name of the Prime Minister?
Who was the president of alternative programming at Fox?
what type of money is used in romania
What could reduce health care costs significantly?
where was the show moved to
How many major papers are published?
Identity diffusion, foreclosure, and crisis are categories of what?
What did Nafeek say about the death?
In what year did Arsenal produce a remodeled crest that could be copyrighted?
what is used in nature to provide change over time
What was the dominant sacred musical form in the early 13th century?
Who underwent surgery on a broken cheekbone on Saturday?
last line of the movie some like it hot
who sings the circle of life at the beginning of the lion king
What is Banksy's form?
What is the name of the man who said the protesting of the torch relay as a "crisis"?
Who was slightly injured?
What style of music did Haydn and Mozart share?
What is the first part of the First Amendment know as?
what city outpaces all others?
who played guitar solo on reeling ' in the years
what type of dogs are in where the red fern grows
who has the most blocks in a nba game
when does the new season of legion come out
how many levels in super mario super nintendo
Where have the pieces landed?
She is gearing up for her new album and getting back to what
When was Nanjing considered to be the biggest city in the world?
What was a drawback of early home recording systems?
What quality made LDs a consideration for videogames in the 1980s and 1990s?
Those with high levels of identity diffusion are classified as what?
What competing console did Sony release after working with Nintendo?
In Czech an intransitive sentence may consist of only what?
In 2009, what percentage of the population was Hispanic?
who wins the chess game in the seventh seal
Which associates made claim to news agency?
What did the attorney say?
when did india participate in olympics for first time
What is a notable masterpiece of the International Gothic style?
Who was the Chief of Staff who promoted Eisenhower?
who its Rufus Seder?
What English music group was an inspiration for Kanye West on his second album?
The studies indicated that there was a lack of information in the area about what kind of choice?
What combines elements of ballet, gymnastics, dance, and apparatus manipulation?
Is there such a thing as bilingual state?
who scored the 2nd most points in a nba game
What percentage of the city's population is Irish?
Which area of Western Alaska is techincally a desert?
what is the percentage of african american in the us
why do jesse and joey live with danny
What does this group believe of the story of a Virgin mother for Mary and those who follow its teaching ?
Which brains are easier to work on, vertebrates or invertebrates?
What did Mill misrepresent about math?
the measured amount of alcohol in a drink is called
New wave, industrial music, synthpop and house all share roots in what genre?
who bowled the first ball of the world cup 1975
What did Ramsay believe about river valleys?
How many deaths occurred during the 2007  heavy rains?
Modern courts often cite which period in history cases when discussing changes in law?
where were the terracotta warriors found in which city
When did a civil war over succession lead to the collapse of imperial Tibet?
how did the printing press change music and the world during the renaissance
who proposed the theory of inheritance of acquired character
Who received commuted sentences?
What is the main staple of this event?
What magazine did Beyoncé write a story for about her earlier hiatus?
When was the Weston model 617 created?
who is in charge of appointing or electing senators
How many UEFA Super Cup wins does the Barcelona team have?
who heads up the department of justice under the executive branch
how many mammal species live wild in ireland today
who plays star on the tv series star
who is the head of navy in nigeria
around when did the great plains become productive for crop growing
What type of music was Date Records known for?
What year was J. C. Flügel's Psychology of Clothes published?
where were the lord of the rings movies filmed
the book the secret what is it about
How far from the waterfront is Caledonia Street?
What does the Air Force provide for officers of direct to non-line positions?
when does star wars the old republic take place
what day is the new star wars movie
What did an Idaho man do?
What show ie Wyelse talking about?
What was the length of the killing spree?
What has been set?
who was the first female african american doctor
What US ambassador spoke about the widespread support for Nasser's nationalization of the canal?
How much did the 1851 Exhibition Commissioners pay for the land that became the City and Guilds College?
episode of family guy where chris and meg fight the school
Where was her body found?
When is it damaging?
Which military?
Who did Victoria recall to office following her disappointment with Derby in June of 1859? 
when did trick or treating begin in america
Ho many people died in September?
Name the former prison secretary who had sex with an inmate
where does mexico city rank among the world 's largest cities
who does rondo play for in the nba
What network is used to contact concierge and emergency assitance services as well as getting navigational and entetainment information?
how many gram in 1 tola gold in india
how many acts of worship we have in islam
how many flee south?
In what year had the Passion of Christ murals by Rothko end up ruined?
who played the mother on the partridge family
How many people are missing?
when does the new star trek tv show begin
Which species is commonly found more in spruce-fir forests?
What year did 6 different Iranian films of six different styles represent at the Berlin International Film Festival?
What has exploded?
who were the rivals
where is the oldest known rock on earth located
who is stoneman douglas high school named for
How many Germans were expelled after WWII?
whats Ambulance services report two injured?
what does the attorney really know?
What groups are the only ones capable of an effective response?
what is the maximum sustained winds of ophelia
What did CCTV-1 host on the evening of May 18th?
who sang the song you 're my everything
hiccup from how to train your dragon voice
What conflict did the Organic Act come after?
what is the name of the latest version of apple 's os x operating system
When were the earliest historical records of Sumer?
what is the song changes about by black sabbath
What other language has she sung?
what happened to their parents
What is used to light the flame on the Olympic Torch?
what is his nationalty
what part of the bay area is san jose
What did Yemeni authorities say has yet to be found?
What contestant came in ninth on season ten of American Idol?
What does King say he's doing?
who plays kip in gone in 60 seconds
where did strangers prey at night take place
Where is the educated addict now living?
Who cannot move fast enough?
What was the Saxon Royal Palace used for 
when did blue m and ms come out
what business is talked about
Was the plane damaged?
What did SHAEF stand for?
In what area are the volcanic activities reported?
where did united kingdom finish in eurovision 2015
who was the chilean dictator that ruled throughout the 70s and 80s
Who caused Oda Nobunaga's death?
when was the grand canyon national park founded
who plays alex in power rangers time force
who is responsible for acquiring organizing and distributing information for the organization
who is the actor that plays the hound
when does the why do n 't we album come out
when is the last time unc won the acc tournament
what does clinton say
who plays captain kirk in the new star trek movies
Who carried out the attack on the Liberty Sun
what does the colors of the venezuelan flag mean
Who cautioned Obama?
When was he beatified?
On what date did the battle begin?
When did the show air?
when does the 2017 holiday baking championship start
why do we use stem and leaf diagrams
What is almost half of DEI's power output generated by the use of?
What inspiration did Obama provide?
What  punctured a natural gas line?
what happened to the tv show too close to home
What are videoconferencing calls now more commonly known as?
Who was accused of conspiracy?
Who recommends against mandating secondary barriers?
who is the owner of radisson blu hotel
when did cristiano ronaldo stop playing for manchester united
who was supposed to be on the titanic
how many times did the giants go to the superbowl
Who was expelled from a nunnery for not wanting to learn?
What was the name of O'Connor's fourth husband?
How many fatalities were there at the marathon?
Who is investigating the claims?
is sexual harassment report been done by women?
who did astros play in 2017 world series
What did Jane Lubchenco explain?
who sings baby can i hold you tonight
For how many years is the Portugal president elected?
What percent of the Bronx population has a university degree, as of 2000?
What are content creation industries focusing on doing to prevent infringement?
What crew is Randy Bresnik a part of?
when did stuck in the middle come out
What do the Philippines government fear?
What did the State Department do?
How did Mark Anthony's love die?
To what does the frozen surface of Lake Vostok resemble?
what was the phony name that armand and val called their maid agadore during the senator 's visit
how many episodes of heartland are in season 10
What was seen above London?
when does easter fall on april 1st again
On which beach were the coconuts lined up
in january of 1973 a ceasefire in vietnam was signed by all of the following except
What historical book may have a significant impact on contemporary law making practices?
How many seasons are there in Raleigh?
Who has suspended Ndonye?
the longest serving samma ruler in sindh was
When Harper skipped court date?
who played caledonia in history of the world part 1
when does british summer time start and end
who played the older kit in a league of their own
Who do the United States want extradited from Thailand?
what did the supreme court rule about the second bank of the united states
What do the luxury apartments fetch?
What broke out in prison?
how many settings does a greek tragedy have
Who is the richest man?
What marked the conclusion of The Great War?
Where did Aretha Franklin buy her hat?
who wrote bang on the drum all day
what says ICC about lybia
Where is Atlanta located?
Which artist chose mundane and low class subjects?
what dominates the cityscape
Name the three writers who were in part resonsible for the reemergence of Cubism between 1917 and 1924.
What are they wearing?
Who represented the splinter?
What type of flight decks are aircraft carriers equipped with?
On which exchange was Shell Oil Company's U.S. stock historically traded?
At what age does succeptability to peer pressure peak?
who has scored the most touchdowns in nfl history
Who is condemned to die?
The ECHR noted that among certain academics, what act carried out by the Serbs agains Bosnian Muslims and Croats did not constitute genocide?
What does Germany's richest woman say?
who was the dewey decimal system created by
who has the most world titles in snooker
who makes laws for the state in india
who does emma end up with in once upon a time
What could countries "...plausibly claim" about the U.S. rice program?
Who headed the UN effort to rebuild CAR?
What is different in a shifted code?
who was executed by the british for being an american spy during the revolution
What French official was kept in the dark about le Secret du roi?
Where did Anthony Ogadje drown
The population of the Greater New Haven in 2010?
What video brings campus protest?
when did us first land on the moon
When did the French authorities adopted the pro-European Unification position? 
what was the number one song on march 30th 1993
what is the name of brazils national anthem
who  has caused controversy?
identify a major Prussian loss to the Austrians.
Where was the bombing that killed 33 people?
Since what year have Swan Boats been operating there?
Up to what did officials expect a water rise of?
What show has the family appeared on?
Where does Saddam Hussein live?
What sutras were transmitted in secret?
What is the term for the view that there are discoverable general laws constraining history's development?
How many "fixed" genes demonstrate the differences between the wolf and dog?
where does the atp needed to secrete hcl come from
what was the monkey 's name in lion king
How many works did Chopin write in 1845?
Where is the Taliban stringhold?
What can tamers do in order to give their partners advantages?
What was the name of the crisis?
What was one reason why the Dominican Order was established?
what type of blood does the pulmonary vein carry
What is Germany's leading art school in Thuringia?
where does china 's economy rank in the world
How long were passengers stuck on the airplane
what is the climate like in north korea
What are main laguages of immigrants?
where did the mcallister family go on vacation
what is the median salary in the uk
mexico earthquake how long did it last 2017
was anyone charged
In what year did Sviatoslav take over as leader?
Who is accused of plotting to bomb Dallas skyscaper?
What entity serves as the largest employer in New Haven?
where does the concept of due process come from
who was expected to win the battle of puebla
where does jacob wrestle with an angel in the bible
When were the aftershocks recorded?
In the past 100 years, how many degrees has the Earth warmed?
What was the score in the final game that Everton won its second FA Cup in 1993 against Manchester City?
What Copeland and Sting said?
What is it called when too many consumers attempt to save or pay down debt at the same time?
Who are fully capable of safeguarding Pakistan's security?
What will fluctuate wildly between low and high season?
What do Esther Reed and Brooke Henson have in common?
Who suspended the Communist Party of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic?
where does the germination of pollen grains take place
What haplogroup is present in a significant number of Somalis?
Which country lifted its ban on foreigners with HIV when it realized that the ban did little to prevent disease spread?
who does jordan belif play
What is the price range the sketches are likely to achieve at auction
the names of the evil stepsisters in cinderella
What forbade the 14th district of Columbia?
What does the inner city look like 
Counties replaced what system in South Carolina?
What did researchers use from mice?
Why was San Diego eligible for two VHF channels?
Greece has the largest what in the Balkans?
three countries in africa that the greenwich meridian passes through
who has the highest scores on dancing with the stars
How many students were in Tuvalu schools in 2010?
What years was Michael Schumacher in collisions?
who has the highest instagram followers in the world 2017
who won the gold medal in dance skating
What amount of schools were assessed?
What religion was Armenian paganism influenced by?
When was Fort Hamilton built?
who has been unable to concentrate
The Ottomans controlled mainland Greece in what year?
what is the full form of i l o
Where can I buy it?
What is Pakistan criticized for ?
What did constitutional changes in 2007 prohibit?
What is Taylor's business?
What have they blamed each other for?
what does the green in nigeria flag stand for
What will Office 10 include?
Where was Al-Hajj transferred?
when was the last time lfc won the league
When Peter endorsed the term, the term Christian was used instead of what other term?
How many Ju 87 Stuka dive-bombers and Jabos were used?
where is the iris located in the eye
How was Marcel Weinum executed?
What date marked the start of Schwarzenegger's second gubernatorial term?
What did the election represent?
where is the guajataca river located in puerto rico
who founded the national association for nursery education ( nane ) which later became naeyc
The report revealed medical evidence of what?
Along with Plato, what notable philosopher rejected epistemological idealism?
who did the super bowl half time 2017
when was the last time pakistan won the world cup
Was Laserdisk officially or unofficially reffered to as "Laser Videodisc"?
What do they want to do?
what does ky stand for in cayman islands
What percentage of Dell support calls were transferred?
fly me to the moon who wrote it
who did joey end up with on dawson 's creek
Which group was specifically excluded from Freemasonry in the printed constitutions?
who played the female welder who was a dancer by night in the 1983 movie flashdance
Asian immigrants became integral to the state economy by opening what businesses?
Who assumed primary responsibility for aviation oversight?
pace maker is related to which part of body
What river did the passengers jump into?
population of male and female in lagos state
What  has been dug outside Port-au-Prince ?
What promise did Obama make about Guantanamo Base?
What was the name of this supertanker?
From what ideals did Classical architecture emerge?
who is the leader of the pc party in ontario
What distinction does Czech have in Slovakia?
who plays phil 's dad on modern family
What year was a declaration of e-military introduced?
when is the first time that eye in the singular is mentioned in the story
no of states in india and union territories
what is another name for the dermis layer of the skin
what was the outcome of the whiskey rebellion
Where does Harvard plan to expand to?
when was the flow of the chicago river reversed
What did Lara  Gut win?
Who can freely withdraw from  their reserve accounts at the Federal Reserve?
What office was held by the inhabitant of the John Marshall House?
what does rad stand for in mental health
what 's the name of the rabbit in alice in wonderland
who sings american woman stay away from me
What does Chinese made dryall emit?
What is Sowell charged with?
What area code is used in Philadelphia in 1947?
Where was the man seen?
What term refers to the ongoing development of financial products?
what The rule should reward accuracy by making it harder to play?
how many volumes of punisher max are there
how many episodes are there of the next step
What day is the Santa Monica Feast held on?
when did the us have the highest unemployment rate
when did the company get the order to beef up?
escape from new york what 's on the tape
shrek 's star on the walk of fame
which famous royal person died in paris in 1997
What has John MCain written an essay about?
when did the mormon pioneers cross the plains
What has been named the most expensive city?
How many vocal overdubs are in Queen's Bohemian Rhapsody?
who takes care of the georgia bulldog mascot
Who fired these rockets?
What state's supreme court is the oldest appellate court body in the western hemisphere?
who 's won the tour de france 5 times
Where Henry Allingham died?
What rounds are the qualifiers?
Who was the founder of the Kirata dynasty?
which is the smallest national park in the world
what were the major components of clays american system
What is the population growth rate of Somerset county 
What was previously thought to be imminent?
What is the name of the parent company that created Ashley Madison?
who won man of the match award in the final of cricket world cup in 1983
Where are Chinese ship officers to appear in?
WHo did the US put sanctions on?
what is the meaning of blueprint in java
French communists voted for what?
who played lady guinevere in night at the museum 3
What did Hamas say?
Who is mad about ticket master?
How many qualifiers did England have for the Champions League in 2005?
What year did Dell close its largest Canadian call center?
where was a man from snowy river filmed
in which country are the cities of asyut sohag and luxor
who is the youngest world champion in wwe history
What country won the Six-Day War?
who starred in the original my fair lady
What was the name of those purged in other socialist states in Eastern Europe?
Where was the group snowmobiling?
What poem did Shelley write during the visits to Geneva?
Why was Taloga evacuated?
A BIOS chip is located where in a computer?
when was the prime of miss jean brodie written
the goal of the emily 's list organization is to
what is the total number of children they have together?
when did factory farming start in the us
How did Lord Roseberry fare as Prime Minister?
Where did the photo appear?
what was the first british film to win an academy award for best picture
Who did Clinton team up for charity with?
What was lied about?
How did Amy Winehouse get from her London home to the Emergency room?
What city is MetLife Stadium located in?
What are in the brigades?
who is the founder of clash of clan game
when does season 15 of the kardashians come out
How many women were on Ohio's death row in 1991?
What did many asset managers decide to do to the detriment of their clients?
when is look what you made me do music video
Water striders have what kind of special groove up their leg?
What was the final outcome of the game?
What happened to the Russian planes?
What country has a network security and information technology leadership team??
Who was rumored to have written the book instead of Lee?
What job do many Armenian women traditionally do?
What type of arches do they love to use in Venice?
Where did the two authors work together as paleontologist? 
who chronicles the top 25 moments of Alex Ferguson's career
what book comes after locked on by tom clancy
who performed the first successful open heart surgery
who are going to be the judges on america 's got talent 2017
Why was green chosen for a number of new European political parties in the 1980s?
who was on the supreme court in 2008
What was the palace used by?
What city is now located where Fort Duquesne was built?
How many inches of rain does southern Nigeria get each year?
What was "Slumdog Millionaire" nominated for?
What is often said to be stored by cells in the structures of molecules of substances such as carbohydrates, lipids and proteins?
what did the epa say
What do advocates want lawmakers to do?
Cape Canaveral Air Force Station is located in what state?
How many FA cups have there been?
In 2007 who endorsed micro-USB as the standard connector for data and power on mobile devices?
What did Obama tell Ghana lawmakers?
where does the water from the hudson river come from
The two writers suggested that academics adjusted what in their different definitions to assist them in interpreting events? 
What hot spring is in Jiangning?
Who coined the term phytochoria?
What is the f-15 used for?
one of the largest palace in the world situated in china
who 's the governor of alabama republican or democrat
when was the elevated train in chicago built
who is tom cruise playing in the mummy
How many people did the Boy shoot to death?
How many suspected militants were killed?
when does jystice league come out on dvd
What right have travelers been given?
how many rooms in the royal york hotel
What made Hoover stop serving as the FBI Director?
Beyonce's family's company name is what?
who stars in the new magnificent seven movie
what is the heaviest animal in the world on land
What types of fans like his music?
when is the third season of the expanse coming out
When was the Paymaster General Act passed?
How many books are housed at the Theodore Hesburgh Library?
which list includes species with the same number of electrons
where was the movie cant buy me love filmed
when did the first jason bourne movie come out
Who lost the party majority?
What business organization is the Congo a member of?
what traditional options were available for users and small businesses? 
How many nations did Montini hope to unify as Pro-secretary?
Who examines Transportation Security?
Along with economic aid, what assistance does the Compact of Free Association provide?
How many miles of bike lane did New York add?
What did Kerry do on Apr 22, 1971?
where was be careful what you wish for filmed
What is the current height limitation in Paris in central areas?
who was the senate president in the second republic
Who won a gold metal at the Pacific Games?
when does a sar have to be filed in regards to an identity theft
Who is on paid administrative leave?
is eleven on stranger things a boy or girl
After a 10 year low in prices what did some farmers resort to?
who sings the song must be doing something right
How many square miles is Guinea-Bissau?
Despite being much smaller than wester europe, what they known for being?
How many primary classes were there?
In which year was Hiddink born
Who was charged with brining to trial large numbers of Nazi collaborators?
who is cassie 's father on the young and the restless
How much does the health care reform bill cost?
what did he say
What was the landing dubbed?
What leads police to the store where suspects seen purchasing item ?
when did sociologists ( as opposed to social thinkers ) first appear
Where are music students educated 
how much money do you win with the nobel peace prize
What was the name of the business that Kanye West helped fund in 2006?
Taliban is not expecting change with who?
Who has shown support for ambitious renewable energy goals?
When did the attack occur?
Who said SNL doesn't lay down for anybody?
How many teachers were fired?
For whom is Green Hall named?
who won the last fifa world cup soccer championship
who went before michael jordan in the draft
Who will deploy extra troops?
What can the readers do?
Hunting was important for the emergence of the Homo genus from what?
The rise of Chinese population saw a rapid increase during which revolution?
What language does he sing in?
an artificial mountain with a temple on top in mesopotamia
where is 9th circuit court of appeals located
Who is criticizing the decision to use a military commission?
Who is leaving Fenerbahce?
Corruption aids what as far as the environment is concerned?
What must Australian and New Zealand citizens do in order to apply for residency in Norfolk Island? 
What nationality is stated as the one Frédéric felt most identified by?
What is it known as when someone is born without being able to feel pain because of their nervous system?
What other varieties of Christianity can be found among the Grecian people ?
who lost the 116 pages of the book of mormon
who won the world baseball classic this year
What famous research university is located in Houston?
Who paid for Carlos Alberto?
Who developed EMALS?
Is the competition open to anyone? 
What was deemed unacceptable to North Koreans and the Chinese during POW negotiations?
Which isotope makes up about 69% of natural copper?
What did the defense portray the victim as?
Who was president from 2000 to 2007?
where did winnie the pooh get his name
when did touched by an angel first air
when was the first comic book ever made
when did louisiana became a part of the united states
how much are charter fees
Music from Beyonce is generally categorized as what genre?
What did Trump say?
When did Pope Pius XI die?
When was he sentenced?
when were seat belts first required in cars
What did Napoleon name the war with Russia in an effort to garner support from Poland?
Where did Harry Rubinstein attend college?
what was the magnitude
when does derek get in a car accident
who is the richest person in the philippines
How many Academy Awards was "Slumdog Millionaire" nominated for?
when did fingerprint technology first get adopted by scotland yard
What can give glass a faint green tinge?
Where is E-waste imported from the West sold?
what broadway show has won the most tonys how many
when did the charter of rights and freedoms start
What did demonstrators follow?
What was the quake's magnitude?
how many islands are there in hundred islands
Who was killed?
when did they finish building the sydney harbour bridge
What is the death rate among chickens who are intensivley breed to be broilers?
WWho is an ordained Orthodox rabbi and a former child psychologist ?
who does the black baby on shameless belong to
the sahara mostly consists of two types of climates desert and
What is the most impressive and famous style of Sumerian buildings?
who plays seven of nine on star trek voyager
What are the most common nonliving compositions in bacteria?
who plays the big deer on open season
how much cost the solar cell phone?
Who owns the Football Association Premier League?
where is the parathyroid located in the human body
how far is alvin tx from galveston tx
Where did Sanford get back from?
What story follows four friends as they accomplish tasks on their bucket list?
who wrote the poem do not stand at my grave and weep
How many counts of first-degree murder does he face?
What was the name of the a cappella musical that first opened 28 January 1994?
What country is the home of the first football league?
What might passengers spend less on as a result?
who played bob ewell in to kill a mockingbird
who made the song that 's just my baby daddy
you can ring my bell who sang it
when did the first willy wonka movie come out
How did troops react to the missile?
What does GNIpc stand for?
When was the crowd fired upon?
Besides the Union Theological Seminary, which other Seminary touches Seminary Row?
To whom does the KU Endowment seek to connect with?
What was Al-Hussein arrested for?
Boston is the center for what type of capital firms?
What might change your mind about whether or not to enter an elevator?
who plays general gage in sons of liberty
What do Jehovah Witnesses accept in lieu of blood transfusions?
What simple color distinction can heartwood have that makes it stand out from living wood in a tree?
who sings i 'll be with you from dusk till dawn
what season are we in of the walking dead
who is opening for panic at the disco tour
which part of rigveda gives an account of the origin of the universe
Who made up the Han Chinese Banners?
what year was Kimi RFaikkonen world champion
How many fonts support the majority of Unicode's character repertoire? 
Thousands of people are fleeing from what?
Where did Weissenbach and his colleagues work?
how i met your mother season 1 ted 's girlfriend
who plays the sith in star wars episode 1
What is the business source of the majority of GE's revenues?
What did Roland Martin say?
How many square miles is Punjab?
How can showing the second equality yields the first prove the concept of isomorphic groups?
Where were immigrants taken?
What historic trail starting point developed at Mission San Diego?
What dis the new term, post-punk, cover?
What is Astronaut  Jose Hernandez?
What allies did Nasser meet at the Academy?
What does BTSR stand for?
Why do marginal crevasses form on the edge of a glacier?
How many U.S. aircrews were lost?
When will Ford make apps available for new vehicles?
where did dorothy from wizard of oz live
What type of social structure did the Ottoman Empire have?
who is in charge of the super bowl halftime show
when is the last game of mlb season
In which area are summer temperatures not high enough to release meltwater from glaciers?
Who resigned as director of national intelligence?
a cell that has a nucleus is called
Karzai sets his own timeline goal for what?
where does hell or high water take place
How large is the metro system of Mexico City?
Who was captured in Pakistan
When did the jet crash?
On what Hasan has been charged for?
where is vatican city located on a map
What does the group not recognize?
Who conceived of "The Third Force Psychology Theory?"
What is partially credited for the significant boost in sales of Macs in recent years?
who sings i ca n 't stop the feeling
who has the most money in the world in 2018
U.S. buys what?
Who assisted CAR in avoiding war?
Where was a cable link located that connected the Southside Halls of residence?
When did Armenia make Christianity its official religion?
What year was Bern occupied by French troops?
Which two Tennessee cities are most supportive of the Democratic Party?
who has won the most championships in nascar
What is the name of the main road that connects New Haven to Hamden?
where Auto maker says plan considered to be the best?
What age was Somer on the day of the disappearance?
The record is part of what wind family?
when was the police search
Who is the author that bought the gifts?
Until what century was brain studying mostly anatomical?
What list did the United States add Libya to in 1979?
Who began studying the rock formations of the Alps
use of upside down exclamation mark in spanish
Who was Duke of Normandy in 1066?
when did the grand ole opry get flooded
who played cory 's sister in boy meets world
How much money was dedicated to rebuild ravaged areas?
What was the injury consistent with?
what weight is conor mcgregor and mayweather fighting at
what blood vessels carry blood to the heart
how much was the percent?
who gets the rights not specifically given to the states or the federal government
In what year did The Times Literary Supplement begin publishing online?
when is the murmur heard in the cardiac cycle
America's first public school was founded in Boston in what year?
What percentage of adolescents report using social networking sites?
who added 252 for the second wicket with the captain
What did the report focus on?
what is the capital city of the northern territory
who won season 25 dancing with the stars
who is sven goran ericksson
What was lighter than the water-cooled pom-pom?
who did the original through the key hole
What type of evidence is too incomplete for a decision to be made between the two theories of the Renaissance?
What does he credit for making him a more complete manager
who has the most tackles in nfl history
Who are the first recipients of H1N1 vaccine?
who are her style icons?
who gets run over in the great gatsby
In which city is the airport located?
Suit said  Prejean's breasts were what?
Which U.S. state benefited from this road?
what will the company do now
when did the troubles in northern ireland start
where was the lord of the rings written
Which group from the Presbyterian church in rank is above sessions?
What was Guns N Roses long delayed 2008 album called?
What type of theater is Nelke Theatre primarily used for?
what training sessions to teach women how to use the little-known?
What ethnicity were all of these people?
Clementa Pinckney served what public office for the state of South Carolina?
Who orders investigation by quality control agencies?
What is the U.S. defense secretary's view?
How do prokaryotes store their genomes?
what is the marginal cost of a product
machine learning task of inferring a function from labelled training data is known as
who 's the host of dancing with the stars
When was Patience Latting elected?
What did Ivins use to kill five people?
What year did Utrecht gain in power 
What source of geothermal power sits below Southampton's center?
What is an art for many vegan and vegetarian activists?
what is the largest state in the us by area
which part of the cow is london broil
An object in free fall does not experience what?
What is the name of the maanger?
What incidents were reported ?
when does 13 reasoms why season 2 come out
What organization expects no impact on ability to carry out operations?
The fact that gases ability to conduct heat decreases with pressure is used by what form of measurement?
A clause like "in witness whereof" or "in faith whereof" typically signals what in a treaty?
What kind of sound did students seem to prefer?
How many passengers does the Minneapolis-Saint Paul International Airport serve each year?
when did the shah of iran take power
What site was created to mitigate issues with incomplete copies of websites?
what women won the award
What African people moved northwards to escape British rule?
when was death penalty abolished in new zealand
who said stand on the shoulders of giants
who wrote the score for fiddler on the roof
the first red scare in the united states was a reaction to which event
where does plane goes off runway in freezing rain?
who was secretary of state when china was lost
who did the peoples party nominate for president in 1892
What is Oklahoma Cities daily business newspaper?
What is Packard alleged of doing?
What kind of injuries did the woman suffer from?
As one of the oldest and largest traditions, how long have the city been celebrating Saint Patrick's Day?
What was the name used after the dissolution of the British Empire?
what episode is prom in one tree hill
rodney 's wife 's name in only fools and horses
how old is chloe from the only way is essex daughter
What is the musical called?
what does a survivor say?
What was the thinner version of the PS3 called?
Brooks won an Oscar in what year?
what was the name of the lion that hercules killed
What have both sides blamed each other for?
who played the second aunt viv in fresh prince
Who was well known for his theory of the social contract?
How did Microsoft describe Kinect?
Is the agenda ambitious?
Where is the Johnson Space Center located?
What is Roland's last name?
when did the state of texas reinstate the death penalty
What does the program pay people to do?
who does rayna end up with in nashville
who got their ear cut off in the bible
What squad was David Trezeguet omitted from to,play Morocco and the Ukraine?
What sect of Buddhism is the only remaining one based in Sanskrit?
What is energy blend?
What are the two branches of the Cordilleran system?
How many openings in the digestive chamber do animals in the Bilateria group have?
Who pleads guilty?
Who was the President pro tempore of the Senate in 1801 that was native to New Haven?
What is great material for my next album?
What are logograms?
what is the deadliest hurricane to hit the us
when was good vibrations by marky mark released
Who was reported dead?
are the chicago cubs in the american or national league
Which family do they belong to?
Who claims credit for sinking submarine with mines?
Who is Juan Gonzalez?
How much do the meteor fragments sell for?
Into what ocean did the land fall?
where does the last song book take place
How many soldiers were killed?
who 's the owner of the houston rockets
What religious element could be found in all Roman households?
what record did Tyson Gay set this year?
What type of sucess has he enjoyed
By what name were fighters of the National Liberation Front known?
Who wants films with smoking to be rated R?
what materials were used in ancient greek architecture
What does Rep. Cantor say the reversal could lead to?
Who was captured in Afghanistan?
Where Novak Djokovic wins his first match in six weeks?
What track did Kanye compose and perform while injured from his accident?
How much were CRA loan commitments between 1994 and 2007?
the medullary canal is located within the center of a flat type bone
What are rumours about Rosie O'Donnel ?
how many games in the major league baseball playoff series
What's the minimum amount of copper a layer in a PCB can have to be considered "heavy copper"?
the point where norway sweden and finland meet
Who edged Samoa for first win?
How long does Anthony Marshall face in prison?
Who says with certainty that the cross was made out of two beams?
when did wellington become the capital of new zealand
Who did Turner ink a deal with to distribute Warner Bros. films from before 1950?
who sings do n 't be so hard on yourself
The midbrain during development is known as what?
What did Chinese volunteers take from two Malaysian demonstrators?
how long was titanic at sea before it sank
what is the location of wernicke 's area in the human brain
What market is softening?
What disease did the family link the seizures to?
what are the most points scored in an nba quarter
What helped Rome move closer to a confrontation with several other major powers in the area?
who scores only goal
who rebuilt kasi vishwanath temple in 16 century
Who is the suspect?
who played the psychiatrist in miracle on 34th street
what is the song brown eyed girl about
How long was the band on hiatus?
Which airport near Paris was one of the first to add civil facilities for handling passenger traffic?
The ability to store and execute lists of instructions are called what?
What body did the members elected by the Basic People's Congresses attend?
What player finished third?
How much value did a Spanish milled dollar have in relation to Spanish units of currency?
who  preaches against terrorism?
Who gave the authorities the original tip?
who composed the iliad and the odyssey ( points 1 )
who has left Spanish outfit?
how did the catherine wheel get its name
who divided the bible into chapter and verses
what helped him cope?
What is the name of the gunman?
how many man made lakes are in oklahoma
What kind of military school did Japan open in 1855?
What war is considered to be the last Roman pacification in Northern Africa?
What is a popular drink in Tibet?
where does the term avant garde come from
who is betagold in the gospel according to larry
who is associated with the concept of power elite
What is the source of amazonite's color?
What culture was well established by the 6th Century BC? 
Which two cities are served by major airlines?
what do you mean by swachh bharat abhiyan
How many teenagers are accused in the burning of a Florida boy?
what breed are the dogs in lady and the tramp
what type of states did the virginia plan benefit
What happened to the third victim?
when did reese 's peanut butter cups start
What is the biggest office building in Tucson?
Where is hunting still vital?
american comedy actor who starred in the 1963 version of the nutty professor
when does barnabas collins appeared on dark shadows
What went to wood utilization?
who did the bears play in 1985 super bowl
What court refused re-evaluation evidence?
Who had a warrant for Gadhafi's arrest?
who has the farthest field goal in the nfl
In what year was The Invisible Man made?
who is the highest selling recording artist of all time
where does the saying groundhog day come from
who is the biggest selling british artist of all time
when was the first computer invented in america
Who wins best R&B album?
who said if you seek peace prepare for war
How many mourners gathered at the grave site?
the source of authority cited by the supreme court for applying the bill of rights to the states
when were seat belts first introduced in australia
What were the objectives of the trip?
who was the guy who ate hamburgers on popeye
what is the song kill a word about
What is the coldest recorded temperature?
How many satellite offices does the Royal Institute run in the UK?
Which Indie band said Beyoncé was an inspiration for one of hteir albums?
What does each of the component schools of KU's Medical Center offer?
What sportswear company formerly held a contract with the University of Kansas?
what is the tallest building in duluth mn
What country sent military in response to terrorism in 2013?
Who studied Beyoncé during live concerts for research for a film's music role?
what is the purpose of hydrogen peroxide in hair color
what movies is the song california soul in
Who died at seaworld?
What is the cause of diagreements in child labour numbers for present day?
What product used in the sale ofpaper is newly used by manufacturers in an effort to be more environmentally friendly?
who took over the most land in history
How many of CBC's mandatory transmitters were updated before the deadline?
Where was Nurudeen pretending to work?
What is the name of the scholarly legal publication at Northwestern School of Law?
Who did the mayor coach?
how many Afghans are registered to vote?
Who was the founder of Jainism?
What bass settings were needed to eliminate hum?
Which group made up the majority of granted tourist visas in 2003?
Instead of an electromagnetic wave, what did the light quantum behave as in some regards?
Is it difficult to transfer recording from historic interest to newer technologies?
when does the nile river flood every year
What was the lettuce contaminated with?
who sings the country version of i swear
What did the Qatari PM says?
who plays lava girl in shark boy and lava girl
where does water for niagara falls come from
What Iranian-American scholar is also charged with crimes?
where is the super bowl held for 2018
who is the current leader of saudi arabia
when did all in the family first air
1994 movie that started a sci fi franchise
Who attended the party?
How long is the plan due to last?
What was the role the union was intended serve?
What is the 50 cent fee for?
lymph nodes in the axillary region drain what areas
How many protesters will be tried?
who was arrested
What could the find be worth?
How do physicians study a patient's immune system organs in emergency situations?
who played bells dad in beauty and the beast
What did Ahmad say about the Rus when he described clothing?
What are the closest relatives of flying theropods?
What does Savage want?
What did the judge bar Roeder from using?
What happened at base
For how many years was Cruyff manager for Barcelona?
where is the house in the movie belly
what do experts say?
What is the name of building project is taking place in Gateway Community College downtown?
Which product was recalled?
What strength were the tornadoes?
what is the longest home run hit in major league baseball
What did Nasser do over the years of his rule?
when was the last time oklahoma voted for a democratic president
how many years do you have to serve in the israeli army
who wrote the music for chitty chitty bang bang
When does she hope to pay the debt by?
In which century can the term "buck" be traced back to?
when did second world war start and end
In what city were the appreciation medals minted?
What is the commissioner not allowed to vote on?
What is the Titanic Memorial Cruise set to do?
What is -v- used for?
who plays the pinhead in american horror story
what has been the result for some bystanders
when were the cherokees forced to move west
who sings til i hear it from you
What book did Gaddafi publish that detailed his Third Internal Theory?
when did the mental capacity act came into force
What is the official language of France?
the great british sewing bee season 2 winner
when did mlb the show 17 go on sale
what was the result of the sepoys 1857 revolution in india
What types of animals died?
What are some examples of dominant party systems?
who played the gym teacher in spiderman homecoming
who said the quote a dog is a man best friend
Who is one of five who will claim $10million?
what is the enamel on cast iron pans
When did Coca-Cola stop being a sponsor of American Idol? 
What Sandusky`s attorney said about his client?
when is marvel vs capcom infinite coming out
What country was Saxony aligned with?
Who said that the results were racist?
Who provides them with steroids to them?
What tip led authorities led to?
the glacier from which the river yamuna originates
The rank was first awarded by who?
where are the chargers playing their home games
What did Kellogg donate?
who sings the theme song on the wire
What did Meyer say he was punished for
who is the minister of finance in india
who has scored the most goals for brazil
What is recension?
who played mother nature in the santa clause 3
what does ta stand for in medical terms
Despite fitting under the umbrella label of "Indian", Aleuts, Inuit and Yupik peoples are still considered to be what to the Americas?
What caused the public moment of recognition?
What did the percentage fall to?
when does the govenor die in the walking dead
What trees replaced chestnut trees?
What is the legal status of Russian in Kazakhstan?
What did FBI tests show?
what does the red white and blue mean on the american flag
The car is billed as what?
How old is Darwin?
Who does Scout Tease and humiliate at their house?
What to the locals think of the military?
when was the last time usa won the gold cup
what is the measurement of a cubit in the bible
Education about TB seems to decrease the stigma of the disease and lead to what other positive effect?
Up to how many Austrian soldiers died at Rivoli?
where does the euro star leave from in london
What was found in the North Pacific?
What language is used by members of the Orthodox denomination?
When does the latest season of "Project Runway" begin?
What person thought their marriage could be stronger
from which countries where the victims believed to be from
Which work did scribes from Khorasan translate in the 10th century?
What do researchers say the Bluestonehenge was used for?
how many episodes are there in outlander season 2
What is the name of the secondary school for the island?
the supervisor program of the operating system is also known as the
what part of brain controls autonomic nervous system
who has the most assists in the premier league ever
Who did Paul Vi want to maintain a continuing dialogue with?
when was the cat in the hat written
where did the saying just do it come from
donkey kong country tropical freeze switch release date
How many cars did Toyota have to recall?
What was the degree of Frédéric's association with political insurrection?
when did led zeppelin play madison square garden
What year was Prohibition enacted nationally?
the dates of the industrial revolution in england
what will the changes do?
Can doctors transplant arms?
which group of organisms is most commonly responsible for red tides
How tall is Mount Olympus?
Where were the homes located?
What is the new law?
where were the earliest civilizations of the middle east found
who was the oldest president to be elected
What metatextual character does Stefan Wild focus on in his discussion of the Quran?
where is the people 's republic of china located
What words were banned?
who sang do n 't pull your love out
who wrote the twas the night before christmas
Where is Gadhafi planning on pitching his tent?
Whose life was 'Schindler's List' based on?
What did Davis provide?
Who is filing a lawsuit against the two businesses?
Who is the judge?
where is the dominican republic located on a world map
What is the name of the punk band?
what did the witness say
Where are young artist trained 
what is the population of las cruces new mexico
How have the bars changed over the years?
Who said most engines were on cargo planes?
What the police said the victim?
when did the care bears movie come out
What age is the student?
What happened to Mozart?
Who created The Joker: "We're looking for heroes?
How many microbreweries exist in Richmond?
What did the plane hit?
Who was incorrctly quoted in saying "The Battle of Waterloo was won on the playing-fields of Eton"?
What other fields have shown more recent interest in Whitehead's work?
The primary job of the brain is what?
What nation did the Ottoman empire align with in the 20th century?
who is this actor?
where did they film once upon a time in mexico
who plays kate 's mother on this is us
Where is Clinton?
When are Seafair events held in Seattle?
who plays max on one day at a time
What are some of the other terms for zinc?
When was the low point for English football?
Who were wounded?
what does a dollar spent on nuclear power?
who is trinity 's father on sons of anarchy
What is the name of her show?
When were the Ecuadorians rescued?
who dies in the sixth harry potter book
what is the role of the default mode network
What is the name of the murdered boss?
who reject the offer?
What part does Keanu Reeves play in the remake?
What uses a composite system?
where does the new karate kid take place
what countries have dutch as their official language
Who is the world champion fencer?
Have the markets returned to work?
What is widespread in Cameroon?
Who received maximum life sentence by judge?
Where can students go after finishing comprehensive school in Gibraltar?
when is once upon a time season 7 episode 2
Who opened the Imperial Institute in 1907?
What is the second purpose of air defence?
In what year did Louis die?
How long was The Stone Roses' hiatus?
Why do humans most commonly hunt wildlife?
who wrote the song in the shelter of his arms
Who does Eduardo play for?
How many goals of living is there?
John Anderson said the Oscar's had to atone for what
when does the president pro tempore of the senate preside
What was found in animal feed and pork fat samples?
Which union condemned the act?
How many Namibian students were recorded in 1998 in primary school? 
Who did Ptolemy IV defeat in the great battle of Raphia?
where does the more you know come from
Did Hampshire Constabulary record fewer or more crime incidents in 2009/10 than the year before?
What event could be the most viewed of all time?
When was the Republic of China founded?
Who said  Tim Russert was a model patient?
What do people engage in after they've disguised themselves?
where is keeping up with the jones set
What great separation came to be from a dispute over the succession to Muhammad?
Where is the DeWitt Clinton High School?
What part of the mine shaft requires routine testing?
who has the highest number of ballon d'or
where does the last name clarke originate from
Who questions the contitutionality?
What feature in the treatment of asphalt in the workplace causes the most potential danger?
who played lumiere in the new beauty and the beast
when is season 5 of the originals coming on
How many people were arrested?
who claimed victory at the battle of bull run
How many Muslim nations require women to cover their legs, shoulders, or whole body?
Where ar they going?
Who killed Rvera?
What mountains are the city near?
In what group is Tuvalu involved?
who does elena stay with in the vampire diaries
Who became the CEO of RCA Records?
What will be sent?
What is it moves away from the Fukushima Daiichi plant?
when was a nightmare on elm street made
What is the view "that the gods were simply ancient kings and heroes" called?
What is criminal law?
what is the meaning of ardaas in punjabi
With who did Bela Fleck colaborated with?
Who does Mitchell say would receive unfair treatment in the deal?
who played batman and robin in the tv series
What is the number of men trapped?
What was one of the actions taken by government to fix the financial crisis?
when did the treaty of paris take place
Maslenitsa is celebrated in what type of nation?
The Pentagon report was about what country?
how many engines did the plane have?
when does the new season of six come out
What were the most distinctive style of music in the Ottoman provinces?
what is the role of neda in the philippine government
When does it premiere?
when was the waltons first aired in uk
Why is Bermuda a great place for snorkellers?
In what languages did Dante and Boccaccio create their works?
What percentage of votes are in?
Who succeeded King Dom Carlos I as king?
who wrote the book of james in bible
Which city in Sichuan is known for its metallurgical industries?
which language is the first language in india
Which institutions also hired private guards for protection?
who is the brave lady in quit india movement
name the delta formed by ganga and brahmaputra
What was a 13 year old boy hit with in the clash?
Who is not living with Kem?
how did the introduction of the assembly line affect fords factory workers
Which country did the RSFSR border on the west?
What was declared by Liberia?
when does the book of ruth take place
when was the last time the giants won the world series
What year was  the previous record from?
According to an Eternalist, what can be said to be just as real as things in the present?
What kind of laws are not given statutory citation by the OFR?
a list of all the harry potter movies in order
Who shot Ayers?
When did Imperial College make its first public announcement of Stefan Grimm's death?
What causes there to be more DNA in spit than blood?
What do smaller religious groups in Iraq lack?
Where is the zoo?
who plays maura 's mom on rizzoli and isles
How are ogives formed?
where is nicole from america 's next top model
who did the white sox play in the 2005 world series
what are in order by european?
Where is rubbish piling up in the streets?
What social class of adolescents is most often studied?
who played gina in the 40 year old virgin
who sings lean on me in the movie
where did the la clippers get their name
In what year was hydralazine discovered?
How many families did mammals consist of as of 2006?
What did Thad and Lubchenco say?
What does rapper MC Lyte say about business model?
What was the record-breaking average gas price on Friday?
what is the punishment?
Over the last two years, what rank must a player's team average at least in order for them to receive a work permit from the Home Office?
Bombers target what type of pilgrims?
How tall are the mountains in Maine?
What is the name of one company who provides the scheme?
In what year was the Auto-Sembly process created?
How many pedestrians were non-fatally injured?
where is the oil coming from
In 1946, the Greeks made up what percent of Cyprus' population?
Who opposes the nuclear agreement?
Who is a projecting Lady Chapel dedicated to?
who wrote if you love someone set them free
Why were Europe's Empires and Kingdoms dispatched?
what is home to the demonstrations that led to the ouster of long-time Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak?
The 9th season of which show has it's heaviest competitors yet?
how much torque does a tesla roadster have
In what month of 1644 did the Royalists fail to take Redbridge?
What have two republican groups claimed responsibility for?
who played john the baptist in jesus of nazareth
who played the original maxie on general hospital
what Canada agreed to extend?
who has highest number of subscribers on youtube
What kind of buzz is is already generating?
what was promised?
when was ed sheeran 's song photograph released
Where were Native Americans forced to live after they lost their land?
How much of the Bronx's vote in 1916 did Wilson get?
In which Federalist paper did James Madison state that the legislative branch of government was predominate?
what is the name of han solos ship
Who was the first factual king of Tibet?
what is the range of a honey bee
What does KLD stand for?
What does grey-box testing involve?
Who did Hellenistic poets wish to court?
hindi festival where sisters give bracelets to brothers
Continued infrastructure development results in more efficient what?
How many constituencies had run-off elections?
How many records has Beyoncé sold in the United States?
Who says  says he's seen private security contractors overreact  ?
Where will MP3 files most commonly be found?
where did the akans first settle during their migration
What year was the Dirac sea modeled?
how many affected
who wants to be a millionaire current host
Who are in talks to merge?
how many books are in trinity college library
What kind of tradition does the city of Corrientes have?
which candidate did more viewers think won the debate?
how many people died
What did Woods tell his personal Web site?
many immigrants move to the united states each year . where do most immigrants come from today
How many judges did this season have?
Who does Roger Federer take on in the semis?
How many Republicans backed the measure?
Do police say her parents are suspects?
who did a cover of zombie by the cranberries
what did scientist say
which amendment to the us constitution abolished slavery
What age is Colin?
Did the cell phone show any activity?
What is the court date?
a term that is used to describe ( only ) different nuclear forms of the same element is
What city's carnival has documented history from 1790?
In Iran's western Zagros Basin, temperatures do not exceed what level during the summer?  
who produced toni braxton just be a man about it
Following the departure of the Soviet immigrants what was the percentage of Estonians in Estonia?
By 1837 the ACS had assisted in moving how many african americans to liberia?
In order to make a vaccine , what do viruses require that bacteria does not?
who was the first pioneer social worker in america
who faces a balancing act in the 2012 campaign?
What did many other Catholics and Christians consider Paul VI reforms to be?
how many solar masses is the black hole at the center of the milky way
when was smoke gets in your eyes released
What see is the one exception to this rule?
What group does Bin Laden urge support for?
How long was the civil war ?
who plays president grant in wild wild west
Astronomers are contemplating what about the spot?
Who wants independent homeland?
who won the academy award for baby jane
what doesn't address concerns
What is the volatage surge of the third rail of London Underground system?
where does the army get its money from
Who recognized the men's basketball team as the 1931 National Champion?
What did the Bermuda u/19 team win?
how many world series championships do the yankees have
who says that everything is fair in love and war
When did Nigeria start reorganizing its healthcare system?
What instrument does Bela Fleck play?
Which side was initially successful at the Battle of Coulmiers?
when is the last time the brewers won the division
What red tape will Castro cut?
what part of the pig is ham hocks
how tall is the windseeker at kings island
What injury leaves out Justine Henin?
What is one possible objection to the theory of integrated variation?
what is the most rare myers briggs personality type
What is Oklahoma's record low temperature for Nov 11?
Who gave him a glowing review?
how many stars are estimated to be in the milky way galaxy
What tradition was fostered by Eisenhower's reaction to McCarthy's subpoena threats?
What age was Nodar Kumaritashvili at the time of his death?
Which mandolin is commin in American Folk music and blue grass music?
where did steph curry play college basketball at
where is the john deere classic 2018 played
who plays dr altman on grey 's anatomy
where was the movie red dawn filmed at
what 's the frog 's name from princess and the frog
What was the name of the Greatest Hits compilation Queen released after the split from Paul Rodgers?
where is the abstract placed within the paper
who is the female vocalist on feel it still
when did england last get to a quarter final
what state did lexington and concord take place
In recent weeks, whose support among blacks has been beset by troubles?
what the Authorities think?
when did the galaxy note 7 come out
What Island is the nearest major airport located on?
where did the saying with great power comes great responsibility come from
when did dan and phil start the radio show
What occurs when large unstable areas of warm ocean, heated over months, give up some of their thermal energy suddenly to power a few days of violent air movement?
which law and what part specifically passed by congress in 1789 was declared unconstitutional
Where is the Louisiana Purchase Treaty kept?
What was a man accused of?
where did the virgin of guadalupe first appear
Who did Prior Diego admire more than the Holy Church?
What is Ali Al-Marri charged with?
What did Barack Obama do?
when is howard stern going on david letterman
who survived stabbing?
who is the movie adrift based off of
what season of bachelor was jamie from married at first sight on
Who beat Real Sociedad 3-2 to stay top of Spain's La Liga?
What did the FBI say?
What AFL game was broadcast on ABC?
how many engines does the biggest plane have
What were the strikes in protest against?
What is the white meat of chicken actually used for by the animal ?
The BeiDou-1 is made up of how may satellites?
During what period was the Muslim faith introduced to Somalia?
who is often regarded as the father of international law
What day is the album being released?
What was the name of the driver?
With whom did Rome have alliances at the end of the regal period?
Who approved the improvement project for the Houston ship channel?
What is the name of Woody Allen's new film?
When was phase one completed?
In classical physics, an inertial reference frame is one in which an object without force does what?
a complete map of all the synaptic connections within an individuals nervous system is a
Which person came up with the plea deal?
who does the voice for alex in madagascar
What did the state economic system hope to avoid?
who dies at the end of season 4 prison break
Who does a conventional aircraft rely upon to moniter the aircraft's approach and transmit the data to the pilot?
On what day will the interview with the secretary of state be broadcast?
Who was killed?
who has the highest scoring average in nba history
What did Cuba erect to block the sign?
What is the premier basketball league?
what is security code of a credit card
the name of the big island in hawaii
which is positive and negative on a battery
Where did the fighting center?
when did season 3 of lovesick come out
What country sent a convoy into Afghanistan?
In what ways has Taliban affectedPakistan over the last few years?
What native people lived in the San Diego area before the Europeans arrived?
Who was president of the Miners' union?
Who is the expert?
What kind of reviews do iPods tend to get?
When was the Boat Show first held in Mayflower Park?
who plays rebecca in bridget jones edge of reason
What are the voting rules?
What group of  individuals  are  effected by the $80 billion reduction in Medicare drugs?
What does CSTO stand for?
when did handmaid 's tale go into production
who played mel on the tv show alice
On what day did the final coroner's report show that Donda died from heart disease and complications from surgery?
who plays mr. grey in 50 shades of grey
who sang looking through the window of love
who is luke morgan married to in hollyoaks
who wrote soldier of love for the launch
When did two Americans illegally enter?
Where is the terror plot against?
who does daenerys marry in game of thrones
What types of groups are NARA's holdings classified into?
what is the measurement of an acre in square feet
who takes over if both president and vice president die
for whom was the battle of vincennes a victory
who sings the monkey song in jungle book
what kind of briefing
who was kidnapped
What was the world's first artificial nuclear reactor?
What is believed to have caused the opening of new sea routes during the Ottoman Empire?
WHen was the COmmunist party refused affiliation?
Was Menzies for or against nationalizing the banking system in Australia?
What was planned by Denmark Vesey?
who was the baby in the movie blue lagoon
What was the capital of the Sultanate of Ifat?
What act was responsible for the reorganization of local government on April 1, 1997?
where is maya 's sister on bold and beautiful
how are lacrimal secretions drain from the surface of the eyeball
Who have the critics said it will unfairly help?
when was the merriam webster dictionary published online
Who urges protection of Irag's minority religions?
what cnn gathered?
Who is India's best known cricketer?
What, in nature, is most likely to make things green?
what is def leppard 's new album called
Who decrys the move as illegal?
Who was on the other end of the first cross country phone call?
What things did "Dungeons and Dragons" spawn?
This new style was an attempt to give what different feel to design?
What did Frédéric compose during the year of 1817?
What other area did the Portuguese regard as their special territory?
What soft drink did a consultant compare Google to?
who calls the pitches in major league baseball
Which two Americans travelled to Europe during the Enlightenment and actively contributed to the scienific and political debate?
What year did Armenia begin competiting in the Olympics seperate from the USSR?
who has obama commited himself to defeating?
How many total Nobel prizes were awarded to Swiss scientists?
who did fsu beat for the 2013 championship
where did danny and sandy meet in grease
Who had to move aside?
What is the author of the letter assumed to be?
who did the voice of ursula in the little mermaid
what is the definition of a mood disorder
What do the psychics believe?
What ocean connects to the Congo?
what was in the picture
Name of the Norwegian?
Who was sent off?
What type of satellite does North Korea say it will launch?
who is the band why do n 't we
who came up with britain 's got talent
who is expected to see tough weather?
Who requested that Dominic travel to Denmark?
how old are you when you finish sixth form
What countries are  organs being purchased from
who did the lombard league give the most power to
Who says Breenan is wrong?
What country is sending bomber aircrafts?
when did new zealand become a british colony
who wrote i 'm gon na make you love me
do n 't let the pigeon drive the bus author
how many keys on a concert grand piano
Who's responsible for Jacksons death?
What is the state flower for Montana?
Where do brent geese migrate from?
orange is the new black cast correctional officers
who are the singers in i 'm the one
visa requirements for australian citizens travelling to canada
Whose idea was 'tabula rasa'?
Who was the most successful band to arrise from post-punk?
What did Merriman's attorney say?
Who was the King's heir presumptive?
To prevent high water pressures at lower elevations what were built on many of the city's buildings?
when does the weather warm up in los angeles
who owns the grand sierra resort in reno
Who killed 32 people?
how many bowl games has gus malzahn won at auburn
What does she say about Obama's plan for lending, tax breaks, incentives ?
What is one of the reasons experts believe contributed to the volatilaty in oil prices in 2008? 
What was the geothermal capacity in 2008?
who has the final authority under the federal system
Who did the team sign on December 10, 2014 as a free agent?
Where did the empty anti-tank weapon turn up?
What is John Kiriakou's book about?
If dendrochronology can't be used, what method would scientists employ to date wood?
When does protocol allow its use?
What did Al-Lahem publicize?
who is captain of the cornelia marie now
what was his profession?
When was the History of the Florentine People published?
What does the treaty do?
who played uncle ned on dennis the menace
What are Democrats accused of by White House?
an os method of allowing multiple processes to share the cpu is
who said i am death destroyer of worlds
Who did Fritzl father the children with?
What is the average rainfall of the Sahara?
How many research centers are housed by the Brown School? 
What did J.N. Sarkar say of Shivaji's nation building?
when did north carolina split from south carolina
How many states were originally covered by the Tallgrass Prairie Preserve?
Who retains his light-welterweight title in his first defense?
What did Ringo Starr celebrate on Monday
When was the Kralice Bible published?
who wins the challenge champs vs stars 2018
how long does it take for a blue whale to give birth
Queen's Spike Edney plays what instrument?
What fails to be funny?
What was missing from the wallet?
who played tess in transformers age of extinction
Pinto said who was a great ambassador of the game?
Who has disappeared?
Prudhoe Bay is second place in production to what other oil field in the US?
when did sacramento became the capital of california
when will the first 737 max be delivered
What type of facility did Popper plan to open that would benefit from his furniture-making skills?
Whose win fuels speculation?
who sang i 'm in the army now
How many tons of cereal did Kelloggs donate?
What is the cloud tops on Neptune temperature? 
Of the three countries invaded, which lost the least amount of people through deportation or loss of life?
What is the name of the independent school in Plymouth?
Who can sponsor ads?
What was the leader of Los Zetas doing?
What position in Yugoslavia's government did Tito hold from 1944-63?
who rejected the idea ofadoption?
where is the national shrine of the immaculate conception located
Who believes that "all media attention is good media attention"?
What science displicine did Feyman encourage his sister to study?
who is the owner of walt disney company
when was the song 99 red balloons written
How many people live in Miami?
when does madden 18 come out on xbox 360
The Tutsi's, who are supported by Rwanda, are fighting who, who are backed by the Congo?
What year was the state capitol building of North Carolina completed?
What has declined into a "moribund state"?
who is  hit with the same regulations as large corporations?
what is the song rain by swv about
main character in to kill a mockingbird book
where is the day of the dead celebrated
On what date did the first public radio station in Hyderabad begin broadcasting?
What is the largest denomination church in Vanuatu?
what did the israelites eat during their wandering in the wilderness
What happened during rehearsals for the Indiana Jones stunt show at Hollywood Studies?
Where are green eyes most common?
What did Kanye demand from Jimmy Kimmel in regards to the sketch?
What is the name of the Olympic swimmer?
when does the 2017-18 nba regular season start
where does salt come from in the world
What did many black migrate from florida 
who wrote somebody that i used to know
What did he say
Which line was reopened in 2009?
What year was the second generation of digimon released?
what was found abducted in Iraq?
What do they day report contains?
when did call of duty mw2 come out
The Reformed churches based their beliefs about ecclesiastical organization on what movement?
What country did Noriega rule?
The Council, under Paul VI, decided whom could make decisions independently of Rome?
What were the celebrants honoring with their commemorations?
How should parasite classification be viewed instead of as four isolated forms?
who is the woman washing the car in cool hand luke
Which is the most significant prayer of the week?
Alaska has the largest population of what religious lifestyle of any state?
What area did downtown Detroit continue to lose businesses to?
What were the protesters urging the UK government to do?
where did by any means necessary come from
All devices that can process information can qualify being called what?
Whom did Queen eventually sign with after rejecting the Swan Song records contract?
when did oops i did it again release
In what country did Apple have to recall iPods?
When was the cornerstone laid for Busch Hall?
According to Panini, from where did Sanskrit evolve?
Which animal is caught up in the accident?
In the past, how much wider was the River Thames than it is today?
Who grabbed the flag before protesters could light it on fire?
What is the Saint Helena currency?
Who was elected as President in 2005?
Where did she work in 1983
where is the ethiopian highlands located on a map
How does the pain signal travel from the periphery to the spinal cord?
What was replaced in the upgrade that was offered for 128k Macs?
who is bud fox and what is his occupation
how many passengers were on the flight
where is the controversial Israeli housing project approved for?
Who faced many new technological challenges?
when was alcohol first used as a disinfectant
what makes them display pride
when was batman first called the dark knight
who caught the hail mary pass for green bay
the repetition of phrases or sentences with similar structures or meanings is called
What nationality was the striker?
Who was responsible for the death of Clodius?
What was being built that caused unpremeditated fighting on each side?
What does the term the Revestment refer to?
How long could the principal and athletic director be jailed for?
How many IMAX screens was Spectre shown on in North America?
Where is the Venetian Casino Resort located?
has she retired from mma?
who plays kate on the drew carey show
Where was the bomber from?
who sang for maria in west side story
when did the song brand new key come out
who was the oldest person to graduate college
Whice parlors are offering this service?
Who was the slain woman?
A dense smoke advisory is in affect for what region?
how many players on all star team nba
what is the shape of mandatory traffic signs
What is SkyTeam alliance?
who has won the most nrl wooden spoons
Who did he reunite with?
who is it operated by?
where is the volcanic mountain mount saint helens located
Twilight Princess uses the control setup first employed in which previous game?
who plays miss wilma in i can do bad all by myself
which is the name of the most famous glacier in argentina
who is designed the national flag of india
Who was killed?
what is the name of the boat
What is the total length of the Delhi Metro?
What kind of plans were required to be given?
Why did the Russians strip their warships of their guns?
When did Bell's metal detector work well?
who was killed in drone attacks?
when was the wreck of the titanic found
who plays dr maxfield in the vampire diaries
Who redid the Tuileries Garden in 1664?
who was named mvp for super bowl i
What do experts say is a main cause of the drought and water shortages?
who won ink master season 9 shop wars
where did shooting take place in las vegas
What two positions did Nasser assume?
who sang let 's fall to pieces together
How many people have filed complaints?
For how many years did Fritzl rape his daughter?
What did Feynman help produce at the Oak Ridge Facility?
where is bankok
who was the coach of indian cricket team in 2011
Whixh population groups were excluded from most institutions of the public sphere?
What is the name of the largest town or city renamed in Tito's name?
how many us troops died in the vietnam war
how much money does dan castellaneta make per episode
What prompts the need for formal consultation?
John Gillingham considers John what?
What is the hot color in the latest SitC movie?
who played alice tinkers sister in vicar of dibley
Where does the name Thuringia come from?
What are two things Chopin's performances were known for?
What was the main reason that the Sahara became so   dry?
who won the first battle of the civil war
when did the 6.3 magnitude hit the area
What can a material based on silk help regrow?
when did the last harry potter movie cone out
who sings the song somewhere over the rainbow
where was harry potter and the half blood prince filmed
cairo the present capital of egypt is located closest to which ancient city
voice of the snake in the jungle book
who were the opposing sides in the revolutionary war
who quoted speak softly and carry a big stick
What did humans and chimps evolve from?
What caused the evacuation of 3,000 marines?
What rescued people?
where does it snow in italy in december
What does the group call itself?
What is the name of a magazine published at KU?
who sings lead on eagles i can t tell you why
What do you need to know?
when was the new colossus added to the statue of liberty
What sport is being talked about?
At which museum does the movie take place?
In what year did Ibn al-Zubayr die?
Who  filed a lawsuit?
Where does the law enforcement official report tornado damage?
Where is Hurricane Ike making landfall?
When does Discovery launch?
Who can benefit from two-way communication forums?
who sings the song do n 't you forget about me in the commercial
When did the shooting happen?
What type of CD is intended to be used in a Consumer audio CD Recorder?
What is Jessica Watson doing?
What did Ben Goldman say?
where does the last name rice come from
What englishman excavated pompeii?
who voted in early greek democracy in athens
which films were successful
Who did the Bobangi sell slave to?
Where did Queen receive the inaugural VH1 Rock Honors?
What did Humbert do that was very significant during his time as Master general?
Of the five countries with the greatest use of Czech, which country had the lowest percent of use?
What did the Florida congresswoman call the partnership?
When did Venezuela begin to create institutes of technology?
What was the criticism of judge Mohammad NAgi Shatata sentence of 188 member of Muslim Brotherhood for assaulting police station?
Who are said to be doing well?
who wrote my little girl by tim mcgraw
Sanskrit is used as a pkilsosophical language in Hinduism, Buddhism, Jainism and which other religion?
where does glucose get reabsorbed in the nephron
how many rounds are in the nfl draft
what stage does a hurricane get its name
who heard a passenger's screams?
How many died?
Literature gives the reader insights into what areas of its characters?
what kind of tree do buckeyes grow on
where can ionized hydrogen be found in astronomy
what body of water forms canadas western coast
who played gomez in the addams family tv show
what is brandons age
where does the winner of america 's got talent perform
where is staphylococcus aureus found in the world
What were white Democratic paramilitary groups in Charleston known as?
where do the washington capitals play out of
What couple became international music stars?
Who led the Thomson-Houston Electric Company when GE was formed?
When was construction on the Thames Barrier completed?
when did the democratic republic of the congo gain independence
which speaker of the house also controlled the senate rules committee
Which album was darker in tone from her previous work?
what is the origin of the name watson
Who told the protesters to bathe?
what is the meaning of azadi in hindi
When was the actress allegedly killed?
What is the emphasis placed on in Japanese wrestling? 
Which election did Kerry's PAC focus on?
when is the season 3 of fuller house coming out
Besides economic troubles, what else could push a people into foraging?
How many times are insects muscles able to contract?
how long will mars500 be locked up?
Who said Goal is to have zero veterans homeless in five years?
The Constitution Act mentions the prime minister in the context of which kinds of other ministers?
What amount of snow was recorded at Dulles?
where was her jeep found?
what managed to undo the computer expert?
what is the hottest it has ever been in the us
who was she married to
What are greenhouse gases causing?
No one party to a treaty can do what to the other parties?
In what year was the first written reference to Plymouth made?
what is the verification code on a credit card
What influences hydrogens solubility in metals?
what strength was hurricane matthew when it made landfall in south carolina
what does gap mean when buying a car
The presence is important," says chairman of Joint Chiefs of Staff
who was jillian harris engaged to on the bachelorette
who wrote the story for the shape of water
when was great sand dunes national park established
Other than "grass", what other Germanic root word is similar to green?
what was the number one song on april 17 1984
What was the overwhelming amount of votes MESAN captured?
how many sons did jacob have with rachel
What word did Stroop use to describe the static stage of diphthong pronunciation?
What does State Department say?
What did the US Treasury secretary say?
prison break how many episodes in season 1
who has been chosen for the prestigious pampa award by the karanataka government for 2017
triple h and stone cold tag team name
How did a land owner impact the protected red-cockaded woodpecker species?
How many Americans were on the aircraft?
When was the hearing postponed until?
who is the worldwide leader of the catholic church and where does he live
who takes captain america 's place when he died
Who is the owner of the estate in question?
Who implemented reforms to reduce the Fujiwara's influence on government?
which state has only one seat in lok sabha
Adolescent immunological changes can also result in what?
when did peacock became national bird of india
What enacted the transactions of customs and ways of life for the people of the Asian continent and the Grecian people ?
What does the perpetuity view assume?
How many days was the animal on the woods?
What is formed between the inductance and the capacitance when the current and the voltage switch direction?
Upon whom does the President call on for support in his appointments to the USAF?
What did EMS chief say about the injuries?
where did lord and lady baden powell met
What new footage did Columbia require for a Close Encounters revisit?
when did tom brady come in the nfl
Who supported the Magisterial Reformation?
when was the stratosphere hotel built in las vegas
Reviewer Alexander Macfarlane believed that the main idea of the work is a comparative study of what?
What does ABS stand for?
What is the name of the lifestyle column of The Times?
According the the White House the work is expected to be finished by what year?
What caused the tensions in Punjab
What did the curator say about video game artist and the fine art world?
what type of paper was the bible written on
Where did thousands flock to to play tribute to the goalkeeper?
What is the name of the vaccine?
What is a major reason why the Latin-based regional Romance languages of Italy should be regarded as independent languages rather than dialects of each other?
What are Amar and Kunda Singh Pundir?
What was a UK dad sentenced to life in jail for?
who plays billy cricket in dukes of hazzard
When did the Soviet Union include the final Russian name for its republic in the Constitution?
when was high fructose corn syrup added to soda
Who directed "Slumdog Millionaire"?
what is the warp speed in star trek
When are troops to stay until?
What is not the answer?
How many roofs in Washington collapsed ?
who creates the panel
What did tucker make  crack about being so bad with
what percentage of the solar system is the sun
Leaving Washington DC, what cardinal direction would one travel to reach Richmond?
who has been elected next president of the united nations in first week of june 2018
where is the mayo clinic in minnesota located
who plays earl 's wife in my name is earl
What does law allow the police?
What will the two sides discuss?
when was the last debutantes presented at court
Which publications reported some issues with the graphics of Twilight Princess?
when does the movie the black panther come out
What term refers to the legislature of the Isle of man?
who votes for the ap top 25 basketball
Which case concerning White and Hispanic firefighters was heard by the Supreme Court in 2009?
when did the right to education act 2009 came into force
What was the earthquake named?
What city is the British capital?
Who assumed the title of king from Bas?
Who are Swiss citizens required to buy health insurance from?
where does blood flow after it leaves the right ventricle
who plays peter parker in the amazing spiderman
who wrote the lyrics to my fair lady
What empire was destroyed by the Sack of Constantinople?
Jimena sustained winds near what speed?
who wrote the song ruby sung by kenny rogers
How did the attackers kill themselves?
what does a c with 2 lines through it mean
when did the song why by nf come out
Where was an account of the study published?
What is the first name of Mr Stiles?
Where do the protests occur?
Early consensus was that London's name originated in what language?
when does the next season of bobs burgers start
what was the system before ancient greek democracy began
How many universities were within Europe at the closure of the middle ages?
where is lake titicaca located on a map
How many Imax screens showed Spectre on its opening weekend in the US and Canada?
How many Pakistanis have been displaced by fighting?
Where did the man shoot 5 people?
who took the united states off the gold standard
What is a colonoscopy?
Where does the tournament take place?
What does DRM and anti-circumvention laws do?
What crumbled in 1989?
Who is receiving treatment in hospital?
when was the last time the cavs won a championship
When did the Indus Valley Civilization cover parts of India and Pakistan?
Whose house was ransacked?
who discovered that the sun is at the centre of the solar system
the meaning of the lion in the bible
Where was the shooting?
when did canada gain their independence from britain
what other products can be traced back?
what is the first 64-bit compatible version of android
when was the last time a hurricane hit naples
What does the policy bar?
land o lakes fl is in what county
What was the name of the 17 minute film called?
As of September 2014, what was the overall size of the labor force of the greater Atlantic City area?
What did Ashley Judd ask of Harvard?
who does will simpson became in jessica jones
What is the worry in Winfield?
when did islam begin its spread overland into south asia quizlet
What are the vessels in Bahrain doing?
The Dutch operated a slave trade from which locations?
where did the new form of pneumonia sars start
build and dependency management tool for java platform
What did the couple set up?
who wins survivor blue collar white collar no collar
What did he do?
he content of management accounting reports is governed by
What are most state legislatures called?
who owns the boston red sox baseball team
What had Rutherford been before being elected the group's president?
What term did Habermas give to describe the areas of political/social knowledge and discussion that were previously exlusive territory of the state and religious authorities?
who was the last person executed for treason
who played drums on josie by steely dan
what is the author 's purpose in fahrenheit 451
The square contains a sculpture by what renowned Uruguayan sculptor? 
What really determines whether withdrawal from a treaty is permitted?
What's more likely than a nuclear attack?
How many users are subscribed to Xbox Live?
When did the Zahringer ruling family rise to power?
what is the ducks name on chicken little
How many hospitals belong to the Medical Center group of organizations?
which club has won most uefa champions league titles
who owns gloria jeans coffee shops in australia
Which bands combined way left politics with art school studies?
Who says humans emit 32 billion tons of CO2?
wher is the  only contaminated fruit from
Who else did the official attack?
When was Bhutto assasinated?
Which ocean has the woman successfully rowed across?
What day was the massacre in Maguindanao province?
What did people in the Roman Republic use to consume solid foods?
element whose third shell contains two p electrons
whose daughter was shot dead
What year was the report created?
the evangelical lutheran church does allow what in the previos policy?
how much is usa in debt to china
What is Strang's job title?
describe the pattern of volcanoes located in and around the pacific ocean
When did Alexis Phifer and Kanye West get engaged?
where did the launching of sputnik take place
where are nmda receptors located in the brain
In which province is Kelowna located?
what is the first month of the islamic calender
in what part of arkansas is the capital of little rock found
How much money does Bike Week and Biketoberfest generate?
When was the shooting?
when was the first ever star wars movie made
how much is the reward which is offered?
Where were they going?
Who makes Nanos?
Gumbe fuses how many of the country's folk music traditions?
What was the name of the storm?
what is the name of Chip E's 1985 house hit?
When did the Carolina Hurricanes start in Raleigh?
What did pilot tell CNN?
What happened with the Devensian glaciation ended?
who has the most number 1 hits in country music
What is Israel's Basic Law?
where does the novel call me by your name take place
how much did it cost to make charlie and the chocolate factory
At which group did Therapsids end with?
Where will God resurrected the "other sheep" after Armageddon?
What was he researching?
Who was five months pregnant when she was shot, stabbed multiple times ?
What are the windows of 1990s and later pubs often made of?
what is the fbi trying to determine about jackie kennedy's letter
who played janet wood on three 's company
Who is opposed to video replays but has considered goal-line technology?
What paradox did Sheptycki point out?
How many people think Washington lied to the public?
What number of children are covered by the program?
What US Secretary of the Air Force resigned following a nuclear weapons problem ?
where was the 1973 movie jesus christ superstar filmed
what happened to red john in the mentalist
how many gold medals did canada win in 2014
What was the pilot's name?
what is the airport code for abu dhabi
How many infants are ill?
How many libel writs did The Sun get for their coverage of Elton John?
What was found on walls?
who 's the voice of nani in lilo & stitch
Good people skills is a qualification that is important to what profession?
when The U.S. State Department issued a travel alert?
With Milosevic dead, who did the ICTY next charge with crimes of genocide in 1995?
Where are polychaetes' brains?
How many years did Mandela spend in prison?
where is the queen mary docked in california
What was the company formed by the merger of Universal and NBC?
What two things were mentioned as contributing to bringing younger Jews together in North American cities?
When did Robert Guiscard die?
What are the house mice killing and eating?
when was she last seen alive
Where were the seven iraqi athletes supposed to compete in?
Also claims that Diana told him: "I need marriage like a bad rash"
How many females had the ability to read in Rajasthan in 1991?
who is broadcasting the college football national champions
What is considered to be the world's first city?
who was the president of the continental congress when the declaration of independence was adopted
who wrote the song i write sins not tragedies
What is the population of Florida 
What did Jerry Brown call Haim?
at what level is the clavicle with reference to the ribs
who plays the ballet teacher in grown ups 2
How many of the arrested were responsible for payout?
What does the expert say?
Why did Mychal shoot himself?
What did Yusuf say about himself?
give it away red hot chili peppers meaning
With what value is a resistor in parallel with a capacitor equal to?
What year was Kanye West's third album released?
who married nellie on little house on the prairie
Where did CNN go to?
how many ymcas are there in the united states
where is the jerry springer show filmed at
Along with the Hargesian culture, what culture was present in Somalia in the Stone age?
which is the highest peak of southern india
who plays barney from how i met your mother
Where are glucose and galactose absorbed?
What percentage of Chinese Filipino are reportedly native Hokkien speakers?
What is the source of 100,000 jobs in Kentucky?
who was the wrestler that did the slim jim commercials
What took in and estimated $15.3 million?
What did the highland peasants resist attempts at?
Which type of fat should people attempt to avoid?
who is the dancer in the michael jackson experience
when One of their husbands says it will air on an unspecified U.S. channel in January?
where does the song high hopes come from
who is the present deputy governor of plateau state
What does Purnomo Yusgiantoro say?
When did the partnership between Jones and Appleton end?
Where do Republicans say Obama doesn't go far enough to reach?
What was Zinkhan suspected of doing?
What term is used most often when discussing the great civilizations of the Americas?
what did the pope say
how many cases are confirmed
who wrote manfred mann 's blinded by the light
what is the name of black panther country
when did england last get into the semifinals of the world cup
How do linguists view Catalan and Valencian?
when does elena turn into a vampire in vampire diaries
What area was once the site of a significant pre-reformation movement, but now only has a small number of Protestants?
Who founded the Flying Fathers?
What South Korean city did the US and ROK forces defend while building reinforcements?
How many wind turbines are there?
what is meant by the sun is over the yardarm
why is there a 2 term limit for presidents
Other than an organic diet what has helped turn Alley's life around?
Which canton is Berne the capital?
Once the passengers have exited, what happens?
What are the four categories for the most prolific dialects used in Burma ?
where does the largest cinco de mayo celebration in the world take place
When was the original Battlestar Galactica?
Theravada escapes what cycle?
What do surface mount packages lack that allows their use on the surface of printed circuit boards?
who won xfactor the year of olly murs
when did the song look at me come out
what does each layer of the grand canyon represent
Where were moods of universal pessimism found?
How many businesses are there in the tertiary sector?
who is harold holzer
Between 2008 and 2009, which entertainers did Beyonce beat in earnings?
when is halley 's comet predicted to be near earth
In what film did Donald Moffat play President Bennett?
what country does the name zoe come from
when does the next episode of henry danger air
With whom the president met?
Where was he in exile?
what are two major cities in el salvador
where is the lost city of el mirador
What show started out in the city?
Who gave list of demands to Bush administration?
What metaphysical concepts were included in the Vedanta school? 
What should be raised?
Critics criticize what type of validity of the term 'intellectual property'?
What was the reception of Twilight Princess?
What kind of treatment was Figo offered during visits to Barcelona?
Who is saying health care is the first policy to be debated online?
where does the last name gomez come from
a new plant forms from a stem that broke off of the parent plant . this is an example of
What insane sum is offered by Real Madrid?
When did Karl Heinrich Ulrichs develop this classification scheme?
who sang the song battle of new orleans
What is the death toll in the drug war this year?
first british viceroy as well as governor general of india
What term describes the introductory symmetry group of the square?
What has caused  the use of the novel in classrooms to be challenged?
What percent of the desktop share in the U.S. did Apple have in 2003?
who is part of the relationship?
What attending Israeli school?
What river is the Fort Peck Reservoir on?
What do Locke's idea of natural rights include?
when was the song killing me softly released
ship made from metal from world trade center
What will court make the final decision about?
where does the money from pch come from
where did miller and vermont move?
What is the name of the first three listed reformed Presbyterian Church's in the United States?
What is the show about
Where did the FARC rebels took refuge on?
who plays the cop in we re the millers
Who was 83 and in good spirits?
when was the first theater built in america
What battle did Private Henry Wyatt die in?
urbanization is the cause of urban heat island a condition that could be described as
What researchers conducted a study in the early part of May 2014?
who sings have a cigar by pink floyd
who sang hit me with your rythm stick
What did Feynman investigate while working on quantum gravity?
passive movement of a solute by carrier protein is called
How many bombs detonated?
who designed the flag of india ( tiranga )
who played phyllis on the young and the restless
when were they elected
what are the enemies of the praying mantis
Who stays second by beating Bordeaux?
where does the napa valley wine train go
when was the safe drinking water act enacted
Who first standardized the earliest versions of the Quran?
Name some of the county rivers 
who has discretion in the criminal justice system
how do you get to anderson island wa
where does the spray from a skunk come from
what game are they playing in casino royale
What destroyed the palace?
who made the first helicopter in the world
Who wrote the supplemental material added to the Lectures book in 2005?
who sang the song come away with me
how many seasons are there for nurse jackie
What do farmers say higher taxes do?
The speech was found to be offensive by whom?
where did the first human heart transplant happen
When did India begin using leeches?
What did the Eritrea administration open to produce products such as buttons and construction materials?
Who commuted all state capital sentences in 1986?
Whose family portrait was taken for verification?
when did the epic of gilgamesh take place
who played floyd the barber on andy griffith
when does FIFA meet?
when was the last time the guillotine was used in france
the poem at the end of nights in white satin
who starred attacks
In this theory, what was the upper class?
How was Victoria notified of her youngest son leopolds death?
where was war on the planet of the apes filmed
how many episodes are there of wizards of waverly place
what does the panama canal use to raise and lower ships
Who photographed Amy winehouse
Who where dropped from the show?
who plays winter in war for the planet of the apes
What can a tax certificate issued by a South Africian NPO be used for?
How many were injured by the potential defect?
Does Bethune have legal representation?
In what US state did Kathmandu first establish an international relationship?
giving government jobs to friends or as political favors is known as
Blame them for what?
when was the place de la concorde built
How many traders did some islands have?
who compiled and published assamese dictionary in 1867
What prayer did people use in Mesopotamia to remember a beer recipe?
where do boston red sox have spring training
what happened to the third guy in nirvana
when did america send troops to europe in world war 2
how many teams will start the race?
who is the largest tractor manufacturer in the world
Which season did not have a group round in Hollywood?
What nations vetoed the sanctions?
what are the fields ( rows ) required for a dns entry
What did the UK legal aid group say?
who is in i do n 't know how but they found me
What was the shipping services imported by Greece in 2011 worth?
motion in a straight line at constant speed is called
What is the name of the band the prime minister likes?
when did they first put radios in cars
Which year did he join CNN?
where does the majority of maple syrup come from
Who is returning from Asia?
When was the couple first spotted?
How many Grammys has he won?
What is the name of the movie?
Who beat Novak Djokovic in the second round of the Paris Masters?
At At Wednesday's debate, Perry could name how many agencies he would eliminate?
when did ariana grande start her music career
How old is Alfred Brock?
what is the ultimate fate of the man in jack london 's to build a fire
how many seasons of real housewives of orange county
Due to Victorias mourning over Alberts death, what political party gained strength?
When did Camara seize power?
when was the parliament formed in the uk
Pakistan blocks access to which website?
a series of unfortunate events season 2 release date 2018
the triple entente is formed between france britain and russia date
Some federal and state statutes remain on the books for how long after they are ruled unconstitutional?
when did the american drinking age become 21
Since when did Taghavi been held in Iran ?
who is credited with the first idea of a nuclear atom
What does a candidate swear on?
when did england last get to the semi finals of a world cup
What operation was he killed in
During what period did soft AC stations attempt to reinvent themselves?
Who is Barack Obama?
what city is mike and molly set in
Who's lively spirit has returned?
How much of the Bronx speaks African languages at home?
in china which colour is associated with good luck
where did the cleveland browns get their name from
In what product did  various compounds of zinc show little difference in absorption?
what is considered a story in a house
who played one armed man in the fugitive
which is the largest artificial lake in india
What frequency band was used by the BBC starting in 1936?
What causes the black checked pattern in the wood of western hemlocks?
what are they using to detect concealed explosives?
how tall was the actor who played herman munster
who plays harry 's wife on the sinner
Who worked to discredit DNA evidence?
What number should you call for information?
where does the h pylori bacteria come from
what wharf does the manly ferry leave from at circular quay
What year did Gianni die?
Where were they?
What are the investigators looking into?
What did the U.N. recently cite Hyoksin for?
What does Neptune's thermosphere containers traces of? 
when did the unification of bengal took place
Who is through to last 16?
What must the U.S. not close?
What almost always corresponds to a single syllable?
Who was kidnapped from Attock?
refraction defect due to irregularities of the surface of the cornea or lens
What religion was at the center of education in the Ottoman Empire?
How many games were secured to broadcast by BT Group?
What sea creatures were used in traditional handicrafts?
Who established official collection?
What music festival does Utrecht host 
who has the executive power in south carolina
Devices that give input or output to a computer are called what?
What did Romney speak about?
What is being caused by links between soverign debt and failing national banks?
What part of the fish is used to signal danger?
what is the meaning of e and oe
What agency had Dr. T.R.M. Howard criticized?
who won the first dancing with the stars
when did vikings season 5 episode 10 air
Which coach selected Ronaldo?
who played xander cook on days of our lives
when was the last time italy qualified for the world cup
What does 'si-min' mean?
According to the census survey carried out between 15 June and 31 July 2004, what was Montevideo's population?
What is 'terrorist-related activity'?
when did terry undergo surgery?
The present-day population of Ashkenazi Jews is thought to be between which two numbers?
Which neighborhood had destroyed homes?
What type of land area does Capital hill, First Hill, and Beacon Hill constitute?
In recent times what is one interior use copper been expanded to include?
what does he say about the bailout
Which marina in Southampton hosted the yacht race from 1977 too 2001?
who won the newest season of america 's next top model
Scotland is said to frequently refer to university as what?
Why did peasants from Zhangzhou travel north to Xiamen?
where did the phrase shiver me timbers come from
What is name of the documentary?
Who ruled after Guangxu?
what is meant by food chain and food web
when did lift every voice and sing became black national anthem
when did 3 point shot start in college
When was the Legislative Council of Swaziland first created?
san diego trolley how late does it run
name of the horse in steptoe and son
Where can we send elephants?
What baseball team was Comcast's partner in their New York sports network?
Who mingles with troops?
What type of ointment was found?
Israel's Supreme Court fulfills what two major functions?
who wrote ekbar biday de ma ghure asi
What other industry is a large part of Houston's economy?
how much torque does a 454 big block have
Who is responsible for day-to-day FBI operations?
What was the most influential device that interpretated the characters?
Who participated in freshman orientation?
What did the audit find?
Who is world number two?
How many free game downloads were included in the "Welcome Back" program?
Which years were plagued by the Black Death?
What percent of Armenias commodities were transported via rail traffic?
who won the fight between oscar dela hoya and bernard hopkins
What wouldn't the judge allow?
the technical name for the sense of balance or equilibrium
who plays hunter grandmother in home and away
when did the bmw 1 series change shape
What year was the "Last Lecture" ?
everybody wants to rule the world played in what movie
who played max in wizards of waverly place
What do death penalty opponents argue that capital punishment isn't effective at doing?
What is her father fighting for?
What TV show did they do?
where did the last name reynolds come from
What did the English Dominicans like to concentrate on?
when does the new jigsaw movie come out
What did he fail to do?
How many trophy designs have there bee? 
clan of the cave bear movie daryl hannah
Which political commentary attempted to widen the idea of natural selection to include competition between different races of people and countries?
Who is the VP of Iraq?
who holds the mlb record for most hbp
On what sort of basis does the Premier League sell its television rights?
who plays regina in glitter force doki doki
with respect to a warm front most precipitation and poor weather is found on the
where did the term dark ages come from
What is the approximate number of people that pose a security threat?
What is the principle that is vitally important to understanding the behaviour of a quantity closely related to energy?
What rule predicts that emitted energy increases with temperature?
when do you take down christmas decorations ireland
what is Javaris Crittnton age?
Who has the only Reformed church?
What group was attacking the the Baltic Region in 1204?
When did the average gas price hit another all time high?
Who holds majority?
who was the drummer for black sabbath 2013
Approximately how many active TB cases were there in 2012?
who is the attorney general for the state of new jersey
What were the nationality of the divers?
What was the surgery for?
what is the abundant element in earth 's crust
who won the golden glove in epl last season
What is the main threat to public health?
Who was the intended audience of Whitehead's first two mathematics books?
who had the most assists in a game
what Some airline staff had been told they would be paid by?
What category is Rina just shy of being?
What makes the classification of the mountains and subregions difficult?
What areas packed with ramshackle bars?
how many d1 college basketball teams are there
which type of collagen is found in bone
What do the tests check for?
Where was McCann possibly seen?
when does yoda appear in the last jedi
What are signs of trouble for a car?
What is the new show Alley will star in?
What has shown to have powerful antibacterial properties?
when did the first video games come out
Where does this organization operate?
What colony did Walter Raleigh found?
Where was Natasha Richadrson injured?
what is made at the end of the light dependent reaction
what grade were eric harris and dylan klebold in
what day is the world cup final on
In 1860, what fraction of the city population was composed of Irish immigrants?
What term was created in the 1930's to separate the middle ages form the 1800's?
when is the trials of apollo 3 coming out
After discharging and disconnecting a capacitor, what causes it to develop a voltage?
What country is the Dalai Lama associated with?
What is the higer ground in the county devoted to?
What does the media in Italy say?
Who did Roland Martin say the bid was made for?
What has the Taliban done?
When did the battle take place?
who garnered a million votes during the 1920 election despite being in prison
Which areas do Russia consider as independent?
what say "I'm hiding in a clothes rack,"?
How many teams have the Portuguese military dispatched?
What did Colombians sign?
How do receive information from the physical world?
What do officials warn?
How much prisoners will be freed
what region was made available to english traders by  the Mughal emperor?
where was titanic going to and coming from
What are the four factors that determine how the body reacts to an antigen?
Psychiatry is the branch of science that does what?
Who did the ex-president retrieve?
What can be learned from DNA sequencing of plants?
What is an aerodome with facilities for flights to take off and land?
What has been part of the celebrations for many years?
What did rights activists say?
In what company's comics did Silver Samurai appear?
What philosophical debates arose in the middle ages?
which geoengineering method for carbon sequestration has been enacted for several decades
How much in assets does Pictet have under management?
Who sued American Apparel?
How many people in Britian died from swine flu?
when did texas get rid of the electric chair
What does Brazilian law say about abortion?
Who goes to beaches?
Who was the first female to be saved by the judges on American Idol?
What is an example of an organism that has a portion of its genetic material outside of its chromosomes?
Name of the Turkish broadcaster?
who won the first under 19 world cup
what is an atom in the excited state
When was the first Canadian Baptist church established?
when does will coming back on days of our lives
How many photos were there of men sexually abusing boys?
who played the roll of elizabeth swann in pirates of the caribbean
when was the word internet of things coined
When did the worm make the news?
who is responsible for presenting the union budget before the parliament
who played the riddler in the original batman series
Who did singer beat out?
who played jason in mighty morphin power rangers
what are the names of the blues brothers
What does Iran border with to its north?
What will put the U.S. on "a road to financial disaster" ?
what has been the dominant e-reader
What will vistors hear?
who flew his plane into building?
Companies did what in an effort to circumvent Nintendo's console authentication?
What did Obama say about Clinton
Where is the divinity herself purified? 
who was formula one world champion four times in a row from 2010 to 2013
what did the crew attempt to do
when did the british hand-over sovereignty of hong kong back to china
where is the kola peninsula located on a map
How long is the State Department Cultural Visitors Program?
How much was invested in housing in the Bronx in 2002-2007?
Under what Emperor did this group sit?
What policies did a State Department official accuse UNFPA of helping China carry out?
How many years in prison are the 5 men sentenced to?
Who met with the Sri Lankan president?
What virus' strains incapacitate their victims extremely quickly before killing them?
who proposed the first comprehensive theory of continental drift
Chopin's polonaises needed what kind of playing technique?
In what year did Alaskan Statehood gain momentum following a territorial referendum?
What words were yelled by Librarians that required first year students to come?
What state has the highest rate of death sentences per person?
when do the arrow and the flash crossover
What will happen to half of the babies born in the West?
where does the count of monte cristo live
What is Evolutionary Phonology an integrated approach to?
What does sparking limit?
big bang theory episode where howard meets bernadette
who wrote can i sit next to you girl
what do some developers say ?
Is there underage children working in Brazil?
What is Neptune's angular diameter range?
What religious sect were the proprietors of Perth Amboy?
when was the right to bear arms established
When will the bags be eligible for screening?
How many awards has it claimed?
Fighting in northwestern region has displaced roughly how many Pakistanis?
mountains along iran 's border with iraq and the persian gulf
mix red and green to make this colour
How many awards did Beyoncé win at the 57th Annual Grammys?
Which continents did Vasco da Gama circumnavigate in 1498?
When did the results show happen?
when was a tale of two cities published
When did he take that position?
when did the who perform at the super bowl
who sang been through the desert on a horse with no name
When did Albert die of his illness? 
Where you can print these books?
who is the former leader of the Weather Underground?
Do scientists have any theories on why the spot is red?
Who will spend a year as a Distinguished Visiting Fellow?
How many super bowls does the Cowboys have?
What type of technology related to water was to be developed under the Ecoimagination program?
Who is Suzanne Tamim?
who sang the original song windmills of your mind
who plays michael burnham on star trek discovery
Which team does he expect to leave next summer?
when does the good fight season 2 start
when did hurricane sandy hit new york city
What primarily makes up the enzymes in our body that regulate the chemical reactions that occur?
What type of exoskeleton do insects have?
When did England finally change the tax year to 6 April?
What has Versace become?
What organisms are described as living on the surface of whales?
what are the interactive videos for
At least how many American aircraft were shot down between 1945 and 1948?
What method was halted?
What campus of University of Maryland is listed on the National Register of Historic Places?
who played the belly dancer in bachelor party
Along with modern and classical languages, what were all students in the lycées taught?
Who is in the video?
What age was Mr Ogadje
How many dock workers did Colquhoun say were criminals?
Artist of the Decade was bestowed upon Beyonce from which magazine?
What was the crew able to evacuate?
What was the HRF used with to set fuses?
What else does the project aim to address?
What charges did it drop against them?
when did the brewers go to national league
Gibbs known for using what to deflect tough questions from media?
who plays the chipmunks in alvin and the chipmunks
How many inmate might be released?
what was the first english colony in north america
Attendance for the 2013-14 season set a new record of how much?
Who had decided to actually stop representing them?
what is the literal meaning of hajj in arabic
How much did the judge awars J.K.Rowling?
who did the animation in kill bill vol 1
who won the first season of the next food network star
Who else was killed or injured?
when was the last time the us had a draft
What has been the focus since 2011
What agency is responsible for policing rail services in London?
Who has set honours awarded by the President of India?
what has guiness encouraged
Who will Suleman rely on?
What does F1 use to transport freight?
who played sam and dean 's father in supernatural
What was the weight of the "Max" bomb?
When was the Wes Craven's original?
what year did the black album come out
What part of Korea did the Soviet Union occupy?
when did carnival start in trinidad and tobago
What French term for value-based literature literally translates as "fine writing?"
What geographical portion of Libya is Fezzan located in?
What premiers on PBS on Monday?
What would the U.S. be mindful of?
What trend led to Neolithic traditions spreading to northwestern Europe by around 4500 BC? 
How many suspects were arrested?
What type of resident lived at the site in Soan River Valley?
Who is scaling back operations?
Who gets exclusive access to parties and celebrations?
In what geographic part of Somalia were important paleolithic stone tools found?
What is one reason for the decline in growth around the world in 2009?
who cared for disabled patients?
The Lord Mayor's Show occurs annually in what month?
What were Darwin's two important aims about evolution?
when was the cure for scarlet fever discovered
who sang rock and roll is here to stay
What caused the death of Julius Caesar's female offspring?
what las vegas properties does caesar 's own
a primary reason for needing a new vaccine for influenza each year is that
who is the guy that does the carmax commercials
What would the release of photos show?
How early did people in the Muslim World start using watermills?
Who is Lisa Jackson?
What was the name of the emperor who moved Japan's capital to Heian?
when did the first walmart open in illinois
Who was injured in Iraq land mine?
What dialects of the northern group are spoken on the saarte murre?
Who says jobs will be created, creatures and drivers will be safer?
who is the camp director in wet hot american summer
who played max on one day at a time
How many patients a year does the trust treat?
the idea of hard work became a central factor in the development of the
What Protestant church has members around the world?
When did they commit suicide?
what the lion is holding on the arms of canada crossword
Who won the 1999 Nigerian election?
who did the song i want my mtv
What are potential sources of cellulosic biomass?
When did Valencia surrender to the Moors?
the right to use real property is limited by
who did kobe bryant beat in the finals
What was the name of the poem that memorialized the Light Brigade?
Vilnius is a team of which country?
where are alkaline earth metals located on the periodic table
When did the British Isles area become separated from the European continent?
When did aircraft carriers begin being know as the capital ship of the fleet?
Jada's daughter will appear in what?
what was the dollar amount
When did Burma get its independence?
who should be called the father of radio
who stars as rey in the star wars films
Who formally names the Prime Minister?
who played marla on a league of their own
What does the gigantic loophole do?
a mortgage broker used to earn how much
What did Egypt's grand mufi call on police to do?
What are the public safety concerns?
which was the first book written in the bible
Who did the virus kille?
In 1840, about how many African-Americans lived in New York City?
what Alleged pirate brought to Djibouti aboard the USNS Walter S.?
When did the complex art of Mexico City begin?
What were they both masters at?
The Liberian constitution restricts citizenship of whom?
Which army invaded Burma?
Two tanks one of oil, one of water fed what kind of fire?
Who was angered during debate on Gaza?
who occupied the white house during the war of 1812
What can lossless formats provide?
where is american airlines hub in the us
What type of risk assessment results in approving the drug to go on the market?
where did the name phillips 66 come from
Nagarjuna's main contribution was the exposition of the concept of what?
Who did the suicide bombing kill?
when did the referendum occur and in what states
Submarines and naval aircraft damaged what primarily?
What did Duch admit?
who won s8 of rupaul 's drag race
who were the inventors of sugars in the way is consumed today
what will the law be used for
who plays guitar on is there anybody out there
What is a dogfighting operation?
what does the eye stand for in the tell tale heart
Who learned from Napoleon's innovations?
how much sugar does angel food cake have
Along with harmonies, what aspect of music is emphasized in adult contemporary?
where His parents also thanked?
who played teresa on all in the family
total seats of upa in lok sabha 2014
who was the most decorated soldier of world war ii
In what year did the Ecumenical Council of Trent write in regards to the selection of Cardinals?
Who was charged with murder?
what type of government system does nigeria have
What group gave Paul VI his Papal tiara?
Who did Demarcus Sears kidnap?
who played long duck dong in 16 candles
who played george costanza 's father on seinfeld
What does the speaker urge?
What was the name of the Polish-Jewish lawyer who first described Nazi atrocities as "genocide?" 
What caused Hamilton to lose?
What was the name of Kanye's fifth album?
What 'left a very heavy felling the the pt of your stomach'?
What year did Fox announce the cancellation of American Idol?
In which year was Campus Martius open?
Which government group releases the annual pork spending report?
who wrote i write the songs david cassidy
what is the name for a female elephant
Who suspending their campaign?
How many were killed?
when was the first computer sold to consumers
when Hosam Maher Husein Smadi arrested?
what was thrown off the bridge in ode to billy joe
What is the name of the jazz museum in Detroit?
Who is Midori Goto
what did he say
What is Anthony charged with?
What led to constant problems with the Khazars?
who wrote close to you by the carpenters
Who beats Milan Bandic ?
What is the base price of the Model S sedan?
Plant oil is used for what kind of fuel?
where would phase contrast microscopy improve image quality
when was the first episode of top gear aired
What did fighter bombers continue to do?
Who did the suspect say he worked for?
who were the aztecs and where did they live
What term is the beginning of menstruation given?
When will the Obama Family start moving into the White House?
What was he elected at the University of London?
when does the transfer window open in scotland
who was left out of the peace conference
how many dead?
which irish band sang you raise me up
when do creme eggs stop being sold 2017
when do i give my wife an eternity ring
who has the most subscribers on youtube top 100
What are many Latin American migrants?
What was Boy George convicted of?
what is the dads name in the adams family
What dynasty maked the rise of Egypt as international power?
Who was voted most inspirational leader of 2008?
who tackled the gunman?
What do you share on Defcon?
Who said Obama should set one clear position on treatment of terrorists?
The group is made of members from what band?
who sings lead on with a little help from my friends
What did entertainmenet channel became ?
which european capital is served by the port of piraeus
Payment that FBI agents in Iraq receive in overtime?
Who released the prisoners in the 1950s?
What is Brazil's Congress called?
The violence spread where?
who go top of La Liga with a 1-0 win at Real Sociedad?
What did she write a letter about?
What manufacturers was Dell losing to efficiency-wise?
How many hours did Keola Donaghy spend translating?
What was the name of the large southernmost continent during the Ordovician?
What can people enjoy in Bonnaroo, Tennesee?
In what year did Queen's A Night at the Opera Tour begin?
When was the Pashupatinath Temple built?
What was John W. O'Daniel's nickname?
what did he say
why were the achievements of the peoples of the fertile crescent so important
how many times have the patriots been to the superbowl years
When will the funeral for seven victims be held?
where is the lava stored in a volcano
How did the word "taler" translate into Italian?
when was the last time miami took a direct hit from a hurricane
when is the last episode of switched at birth
when was the last time the atlanta braves won the world series
where is the invictus games being held 2017
who is the mars rover sojourner named after
What was the name of EIC military company?
when was the last solid copper penny made
what is the name of the closest star to the sun
What does Rahman's work include?
The NFL player was found guilty of what?
What did the officials say?
How much money did the Idol Gives Back event raise in 2007?
What are the primary languages of Europe that are used in Burma ?
the two most common tertiary storage media are
who grew fingernails for about 30 years loses them in car accident?
fundamental rights have been included in which part of the indian constitution
who are the two naturalists who first came up with the theory of natural selection
combined flow of shilabati and dwarakeswar is known as
Who is in police custody?
what happened in oklahoma
Who said, "countries that aspire to strategic international influence have aircraft carriers"?
What kinds of telecommunications were cut?
What other group in America practiced self-rule and separation of powers?
How is Paris' climate categorized?
Who launched the New Deal?
What is factory farming tied to?
Santa Monica plans on water independence by what year?
When was the Japanese submarine offensive against Australia?
Who calls sale of human remains "affront to human dignity"?
What is only appealing if you're in China?
what 's an e6 in the air force
What do Macs lack that makes them unable to run many legacy PC operating systems?
Who was the member of Parliament who brought a bill about Daylight Saving Time to the House of Commons in 1908?
who is the present vice president minister of india
how many are missing?
golden state warriors new arena in san francisco
who did the land ordinance of 1785 benefit
An extramarital affair was admitted to by who?
who chose the desitination
In relation to whites, what was the poverty rate for Native Americans in 1990?
when was the united states postal service started
when was the indian rupee devalued for the first time
What percentage of the Greater London population was said to be foreign-born according to the 2011 census?
what age can you get married in south africa
how many shows are in season 7 of game of thrones
Who expressed their support for japan?
Who was thrilled?
The Book of Confessions reflects the inclusion of another confession, what is it called?
who was eliminated on food network star 2018
where was the prince and the showgirl filmed
Which elected official lost the election in 121 BC?
The Tallgrass Prairie Preserve is the largest protected tallgrass prairie in what area?
Who started out walking but now runs 40 miles a week?
How much time was Mark Sullivan given to leave the country?
where are presidential powers listed in the constitution
Name of the person that was fatally shot?
How many jobs is Wal-Mart adding?
when did a wrinkle in time hit theaters
What has been deactivated
where do the ospreys rugby club come from
What year  was the  Victor Orthophonic Victrola released?
What is the number of laps completes
when did the maple leafs last win the stanley cup
Where did the mother serve breakfasts?
who are law-enforcement agencies searching for?
where Hannah Pool was adopted as an infant from an orphanage in Eritrea and grew up in England
the food safety and standards authority of india ( fssai ) is under the charge of
What job does Sullenberger have?
what is causing the increase
What has the team discovered?
Who stars in the movie
When did a Mali conflict begin?
What two groups controlled the Asian Sphere?
What is the Hebrew name for Egypt?
Which three publications are used to signify royal assent?
what is randall 's daughters name on this is us
which tv personality was known as the voice of westminister
What is the "heart of hostelling"?
Who governs all events in gymnastics?
when did he appear
who plays mary margret in once upon a time
When did Jews originate as a national and religious group in the Middle East?
how many books are there in the diary of a wimpy kid series
what language do they speak in game of thrones dothraki
What is the social style of hunter-gather societies?
What became a best-seller comic in the French language?
what is the song believer about by imagine dragons
What religion holds the majority in the Bible Belt?
What does Georgia boast?
where does the tv series broadchurch take place
How many do they expect to attend Dodger Stadium memorial?
When did Japan invade all of China?
Can IRENE read vertically modulated information?
what is the name of the capital city of belgium
what did Sarah Palin say?
In 2005, who did the Supreme Court rule in favor of?
Who is  pursuing solo career after being lead singer of Trick Pony ?
when did manchester united last won a trophy
when was the first gastric bypass surgery performed
Who is recalled to Barca squad?
Have other programmes had this impact?
Where did princess Victoria move to after she was married?
How many people are in Boston during work hours?
From what people did it appear the Etruscans had model their form of warfare on?
When did Japan launch the aattack on Pearl Harbor?
What was believed to be the fourth attack?
what kind of car is the cash cab
What feature of written text influenced the use of scripts?
What former U.S. president is believed to have stayed in New Haven at the home of Roger Sherman?
Which two players scored twice?
where was Josias deported to?
How mnay companies stopped production?
What important figure was killed in the raid?
What was the occasion?
which country has won the most world cup finals
How many does the U.N. say have died?
Who was connected with the M-19 guerrilla group?
What should money go to?
who does joey choose in dawson 's creek
who played the father in sound of music
when was the first cricket match played by india
Who says Michael Jackson loved chimpanzees?
What legendary restaurant is closing?
who does scar 's voice in the lion king
what is the purpose of int3 in the program
who was the pledge of allegiance written by
area of land drained by a single river
who does mr darcy marry in pride and prejudice
when do we celebrate international father 's day
Along with Downtown and Edgewater, what area of Miami has notably seen increasing population densities?
What mines did Romans use to acquire cinnabar?
Whose effigy was placed on a ship on wheels?
Around how many offices does the FBI have in minor cities?
What objectives does Airlift support? 
Who is fighting government troops in northern Nigeria?
Where are Norfolk Island patients who need serious treatment flown to?
In the APEX system, the increment that doubles the exposure is called what?
who sang long legged woman dressed in black
By what age had Avicenna learned the entire Quran?
excise duty stamps of central govt. are printed in
what is the age of Grammy-winning Spector?
Many scholars confuse identity as a category of practice and what other category?
Eva Longoria has espadrille wedges made by whom?
Were the materials approved?
Who was the body believed to belong to?
What do republicans propose?
Which church in the state has the largest amount of members?
where was the law and jake wade filmed
What are some of the issues Apple cited in the lawsuit against Microsoft and HP?
who sang the theme song for it 's a different world
who sings mama ca n 't buy you love
How many viewers on average watched the Premier League 2014-15 season in the US?
all of the lord of the ring movies
What is the subject of these master classes?
Actor who wrote to Castro's brother?
What year begin the founding of New Haven Harbor?
How many people were killed in a roadside attack?
what was a goal of the student protestors in tianamen square in 1989
what is ralph angels real name on queen sugar
fee-for-service is an accident and health insurance benefit payment model in which
Who was Moyo's opponent?
What song by Mariah Carey influenced her?
how much does the car weigh
when did the post 9/11 gi bill start
What historical event does this person say we should learn from?
where did the accident happen
What percentage of a wine grape is sugar when it is harvested?
Who did the Sun support in 1974?
Thousands of unexploded bombs litter which country's landscape?
Who has the same policies as Reagan, according to Ortega?
What did Reed do?
my country tis of thee god save the queen which came first
what three groups composed french society in the late 1700s
What person was considered to be "Mother of the camp''?
what does FCC's chairman call ruling
how many american lives lost at pearl harbor
What language is modern standard Italian derived from?
What year did the Battle of Bear Paw happen?
where does the pair live
In what year was the Regierungsbezirk Zichenau annexed?
Whats at a 10 year low?
Under what category does oil and gas exploration fall?
when was compulsory military service stopped in south africa
Victoria and her mother had differences over her mothers reliances on who?
how much did real madrid buy ronaldo from manchester united
neutralizes stomach acid when it reaches the small intestine
How many estimated active faults does Houston have?
In further elaborating on the definition, how did Chalk and Jonassohn phrase the intention of the perpetrator? 
What happened in New York?
Which freeway links Melbourne and Sydney?
When did it reopen?
Who was the author of  De architectura?
why does a light bulb need a vacuum
the last catholic archbishop during the counter reformation
who sang the original song knocking on heavens door
who played the easter bunny in rise of the guardians
What section begins after the first half of The Times newspaper?
What is causing contamination?
I couldn't could up with another question. But i need to fill this space because I can't submit the hit. 
who came second and third in sports personality of the year 2017
How many have been displaced?
who wrote you 've got that loving feeling
where did the plane go down
who received "excellent medical care"?
who projected to be billion dollar industry?
how many days in jail have to serve Stallworth?
Since what century has Sperling described Ming and Tibet's relation being problematic for China? 
Where is the show going next?
Why did the NFL Network begin to broadcast games again?
What does the video show?
who is the voice of how it 's made
What law is planned
What is Brazil's Supreme Court called?
who has the most stolen bases in baseball history
What has been happening to record sales in the music industry?
where did the term vegetative state come from
which life stage of the honey bee is most commonly fed upon by the varroa mite
Of the universities in Hyderabad how many are state run?
will someone not rid me of this troublesome priest
which hindu god was known as the preserver
What was the style of worship of Hindu Gods?
where were the soldiers
Chemical stimuli are signals that regulate the activity of what?
What is the most common group of languages spoken in Mediterranean Europe?
What did mission control say about mission?
What did his wife say?
who wrote the theme song for the beverly hillbillies
what depeche mode song was used in the 80 's movie big lights big city
the speaker of lok sabha in india is elected by the
How old are the ore deposits in the Oklo mine?
What was the first generation of iPod Classic on which games like Mahjong and Tetris could be played?
What month was lockout?
who wrote the score for avengers infinity war
when were the riots
What was the name of the meeting to make an alliance between Zwingli and Luther?
What was he hospitalized for?
Julian Fontana tried to find his way where before moving to Paris?
How many Americans died in the Berlin disco bombing of 1986?
How large of a percent does Lutheran's take up?
What was the Icelandic vote triggered by?
Were the ealiest LaserDiscs in 1978 analog or digitally formatted?
who has the most super bowl losses in nfl history
What caused a marked sownturn in the production of quail eggs following the industry boom?
who plays christine daae in phantom of the opera
Who said that Carrie had not paid her dues to win that award?
What did the Code of Canon Law state in regards to Cardinals?
What category of wood is often used for musical instruments?
who built the temple in the sea in trinidad
where does the last name hale originate from
when did orissa changed its name to odisha
Which boy had bomb materials?
From who Hall received money?
Where is Seattle's prime harbor?
Where was wrestling later showcased in North America?
Where are tornadoes most common on Earth?
What did the King of Pop say?
Where did the Empress Dowager spend most of her time?
How many take part in the world's largest annual pilgrimage in Saudi Arabia?
Who issues an advisory?
Who was assassinated?
What are Watson's plans?
Who does Minister-President choose to run state agencies?
who played the mother on malcolm in the middle
allows many users at different terminals to communicate with a single computer at the same time
What year was Osmania University formed?
Earlier Greek was represented by what?
On what date did the fire take place?
who won dancing with the stars in 2009
what was copied?
The Cargill plant was seized by who?
who did the shot heard round the world
how did the lost voice guy lose his voice
who plays hermione in harry potter and the cursed child
who has been indian longest serving prime minister
What is the name of the only highway tunnel in Connecticut?
what is the deepest part of the atlantic ocean
What was the name of the convention where Nintendo unveiled its American version of the Famicom?
What year was the earliest reference to classical music?
What did the company do afterward?
What type of self is equated with the Buddha?
piaget 's second of four stages of cognition is
What state had tornados?
where did england finish in the world cup 1990
Who warned India about potential Mumbai attack?
what kind of trees does the lorax try to save
what did he accuse his enemies of
What sport is played on a pub's bowling green?
who won the 2016 all ireland hurling final
What was the German-Soviet dividing line in regards to annexing Poland?
Who was the governor of Florida in 2011?
Where did officials say drugs were hidden?
when was the first $ 5 bill made
what did jolie say
Whose church did Obama visit?
what is a talent in the new testament
What models have been delivered
what was happend in yemen
What are the wind speeds?
When is the last tonight show?
who plays roy good in the netflix series godless
who sings i dreamed a dream in les miserables
what is the name of the french overseas department
Who were considered "white Indians"?
who becomes president if the president and vice president dies philippines
Who was charged with two counts of rape
What in Roman society was considered to be a temple to the gods?
Where does Banafsha recieve some help from?
who sings how do u talk to an angel
when are new episodes of jane the virgin
What will see a 38% increase by 2030?
What was issued for the Southeast?
What area is slightly less trammeled?
what is the population of the town
What caused the VA to authorize millions in emergency funds?
do you have to show your id to police in va
What role does zinc play in fingers, twists and clusters?
Who are on the ballot?
what is the most popular sports in australia
where was war of the worlds broadcast from
where can you find redwood trees in california
Who encouraged local universities to increase opportunities for students in the public school districts?
Who is largest shareholder at English soccer club Arsenal?
What year did the Everton players walk out to a song other than "Johnny Todd"?
What type of design is the bridge?
when was the last time the giants played in the super bowl
where is the oldest catholic church in the united states
After the Romans conqured the British Isles what became the more common name for the country?
what are the different ministries in the bible
what offers care to atlanta airport travellers?
On what date did Alexander speak to the Sénat conservateur?
who won the gold medal for men 's ice hockey in 1980
What sites are they modeled after?
Who is Drew Peterson accused of killing?
What did Robert Gates ask Pentagon staff to do?
What did the White House accuse Democrats of?
during the manchu dynasty what is now china expanded to control part of what now independent country
who is season 12 winner of america 's got talent
What was in the plastic container?
How many presses were there at the new printing facility?
What where the limitations of Greg's analyses?
who sings the song nothing 's going to stop us now
After being cancel in 2007, what organization currently support New Haven Jazz Festival?
What was invented in 132 CE?
Who is looking for control in the article?
who took Danny Barter?
What script did Lebanese Christians sometimes use to write Lebanese Arabic during the civil war?
who was the ruler of north korea in 1950
Who pleads guilty?
What is the period called that comprises all Greek influence?
What allows more supplies in?
Who controlled most of Newfoundland's east coast by 1620?
What organization backed a structural reform program?
On which date did the Genocide Convention become effective?
who governs canada on a daily basis at the federal level
where did the scuffle take place
What did hidden video capture?
With what airline does Amtrak codeshare for transit to Newark Airport that originates or terminates at Union Station?
planet of the apes movies in order reboot
when did the usa enter the vietnam war
Where does the groundwater go instead of into the ground?
what was the building at the end of true detective
what is the sequel to man of steel
when 's the last time washington capitals won stanley cup
What are hairstyles tied to?
The RGB color model has three colors in it that are described as what kind of colors?
What was Danny Barter's age when he went missing?
What is the name of a large facility run by the IMSS in Mexico City?
what type of guns did the virginia tech shooter use
who plays red riding hood in into the woods
What did the Naval personnel see the suspects doing?
When will Sotomayor start work?
Where was the cantaloupe from?
Where is the Central African Republic located?
Are the religious minorities in Iran - Christianity, Judaism, Zoroastrianism, and Sunnis - a part of the Iranian Parliament?
Who is described as a founder of the Romantic era?
What is the ACAS?
where id dthe quake happen
what will be cut by 80,000 a year?
who possibly controls their own mail servers? 
in what four areas may a record have value for an organization
Whats the show called?
when does descendants 2 come on on disney channel
what does jeteye do
What was Sean Penn named?
The second section of the Siddhanta Shiromani has how many chapters?
what was the name of the helicopter?
Who is known for the song "Everytime We Touch"?
a change of government by force is a
who sings rip it up and start again
What kind of pirates?
Who panicked about gas?
What did the rioters try to take over?
who plays daya orange is the new black
What has the flood done?
How did von Bulow try to kill his wife?
Which areas were shown in the Day of the Dead scene in Spectre?
Who is Ecuador's coach?
who administer the oath of office to the president
who is the guy in the sprint commercial
How many schools were destroyed?
Which drink should I enjoy a glass of on the rooftop terrace?
What number of Iraqis have fled their homes?
when was the last time tottenham hotspur won a cup
who plays cat grant 's son on supergirl
where are the ribosomes made in a cell
who sang it is well with my soul
when is frozen olaf 's adventure coming out
What Archivist announced the partnership with Fold3?
Which frequencies are you most likely to hear tonearm skating?
What record does  Singh hold
a Briton was accused for what reason?
when was goldilocks and the three bears written
How many total members were there?
How long may it take for persistent pesticides to be broken down?
what kind of dog is jock on lady and the tramp
What distinction does Aso hold?
first australian female tennis player to win the grand slam
medical term meaning condition of stones in the ureters
What can receive a stron signal by transmitting an original wave?
who did the voiceover in a christmas story
What would offer the highest quality transfers of historic interest?
Where did Martin Luther preach a sermon on Marian devotion a month before his death?
What were some groups doing along the torch route that was not supportive of the Olympics?
What do the Canadian Rangers safekeep?
What main languages are supported by shows at the National Auditorium?
Which two members of Queen performed together at several charity concerts?
what came first the roman empire or republic
who played magneto in days of future past
who wrote the song i love a rainy night
Who trained under Bastian's ideas on culture?
Which format used in DVDs has built-in error correction?
What was Bond set at?
who is the chief justice of meghalaya high court
Who had an increased incidence of skin cancer?
Kanye's tour with what artist was cancelled following his outburst at the VMA's?
what effect did the districting cases of baker v. carr and wesberry v. sanders have
Who sympathizes with the Palin family?
The vaulted undercroft beneath the monks' dormitory has been a museum since when?
what is the highest grossing movie in the philippines
who pays the cost of deposit insurance with digcc
What lead officers to suspect's house?
The selection of nobility oh the polish kingdom was selected my whom?
who was accused of mistreatment?
What's home to 57% of the nation's population?
What author wants you to make you love life green?
who is the presiding officer of the texas senate
who has the most home runs in dodgers history
What ethnicity is Nigel Brenan?
Why type of anthropology is the study of social organization a central focus of?
who sings nobody gon na break my stride
who sang hit the road jack with ray charles
What is a strong source of radiation that is blocked by depleted uranium?
What communist country did Nasser and Egypt recognize?
What is shifting the balance of power?
who plays brian the boom guy on the office
Which monarch granted assent reluctantly under the advise of his ministers?
who played snape in the harry potter series
who he was captured last summer?
Melbourne consists of how many municipalities?
when did alaska become a state in the united states
The rise of ports caused what in populations?
What is another word for freezing rain?
Who suspended all construction crane activity?
when does the evening standard go to print
Where was the security force going?
What percent of households were made of one person?
What year was South Tuscon reincorperated? 
what did Kim Harp say?
who played in voyage to the bottom of the sea
When is the storm expected to weaken?
What will be required to have permits?
What film is generating an Oscar Buzz?
when do the dog days of summer start and end
in bones what is angela 's real name
Which river touches the major shopping district near 181st Street?
who owns the waldorf astoria in new york city
For how many years did Arsenal play at Highbury?
Who is the secretary of the 51st State Party?
who got the bharat ratna award before becoming president
Bacterial infections could be treated with medicines containing what kind of dye?
What city in Oklahoma lost power due to the tornado?
How many schools have been closed?
who gives security to these schools
Which stores have been shut down?
What was Kennedy hoping for?
what seti means
Who is Bhattarai
What did nationalism in music sometime echo?
How did Pitt plan to augment the British regular troops?
where were the monrow photos taken?
In 1678 what was  the new name of the Northern part of New Haven?
when does sin senos si hay paraiso season 3 come out
How many years of age is Minaret?
How many instrumental works did Chopin give a descriptive name to?
The midbrain region of the brain is known as what?
Insects can sense what?
What is the current billing structure?
when did the postal service started in india
who wrote a book describing the universe with the sun in the center
how many episodes in season 1 of the walking dead
How many students attended the Bronx public and private schools as of 2000?
What does McCain state?
Between 2002 and 2007, by what percentage did the rate of unemployment change?
who had plank in ed edd and eddy
What was the name of the fired Atari CEO?
How many minutes was she late?
Who popularised Hume's philosophical concepts?
when does the new episode of spongebob air
who never faced against Mayweather?
Who were people scare of?
who banned the book where the wild things are
where does publisher clearing house money come from
when did archaic hunter-gatherers of the eastern woodlands begin to develop agriculture
how many floors are in mandalay bay casino
who sang if i could save time in a bottle
what was the overall purpose of the counter reformation
when did the nfl start playing on christmas day
What is she co-hosting?
the record highest number of satellites launched by isro in a single flight is
What musician collaborated with Kanye West for his album Late Registration?
Who is the president?
What other part of Gothic buildings are often found terminated with small pinnacles?
where is this hour has 22 minutes taped
How many men per 1000 residents were mandated to defend?
who makes the kentucky derby garland of roses
What percent of the population are between 14 to 30 years old?
Who was Apollo's twin sister?
In what section was Descartes criticized?
What organization said some countries might be spending as much as $150 billion each year on TB?
who is the ruling party in himachal pradesh
Which for states do the six live in?
what do the black stripes under football players eyes do
Houston is located in which Texas county?
Who returned as executive producer this season?
What was the settlement originally named?
who played bernard in the movie the santa clause
How many inches of rain does central Nigeria get each year?
what government agency helped to create the arpanet the modern foundations of the internet
where does the term damsel in distress come from
What was Operation Enduring Freedom?
What does McCardell say about alcohol?
which tests are noninvasive and performed to detect chromosomal abnormalities in the fetus
what is the largest provincial park in ontario
who did aaron judge play for last year
what is xshot made of
who played choir boy in the five heartbeats
Where did Obama meet the officials?
how many cvs stores are there in the usa
What can refer to both a methodology and the product of ethnographic research?
Which region did Yellow Tiger conquer in the mid-17th century?
who was the last oriole pitcher to win the cy young award
Where is Short Pump located in relation to Richmond?
What is the fine?
What percentage of Florida was African american in 2010 
when moon completely covers sun what 's it called
fictional european country anthony hope invented for prisoner of zenda
when is season 2 of luke cage coming to netflix
What are other common words that people may use for homosexual and heterosexual people?
Who was accused of war crimes?
when did the texas declaration of independence happen
How many rpm did the electrically powered synchronous turanable motor run at?
Why was Princess Eugenie under scrutiny?
what was the professor 's name in gilligan 's island
who went to the moon with neil and buzz
how much will the 2022 world cup cost
What was the war often referred to in France as?
What was Chopin's style based upon?
Amount of people that couldn't identify heart's location
What did officials order Chinese news media to stop reporting?
What did Tony Blairs spokesman say?
where was the explosion
What dinner was controversial?
How many states were involved?
What are agents inspecting vehicles for?
what is the guinness world record for the oldest dog
Who is Neda to the protestors?
What has Quincy Jones excelled at?
Bell's stamp is part of which line?
what should the EPA issued directive find?
What does an archaism explain?
Which artistic principle was innovated by Brunelleschi?
Why was the commercialization of classical music harmful to the music industry according the Shawn Vancour? 
how many goals did didier drogba scored for chelsea fc
when do many obstetricians date the onset of pregnancy from
What is Christopher Savoie charged with?
What atrocity motivated a self-serving USSR to object to the provision of political killings drafted into the Convention?
What is the most widely known fictional work from the Islamic world?
who is in charge when the president dies
Who has been killed?
Where did Claus von Bulow live?
where are the Shuttle lands?
What has been released to the girl's father
How much weight did the man lose?
who plays mildred hubble in the worst witch
What is the language source of the term Catelaner?
What London concert venue shares its first name with a famous football stadium?
What former managing director od Goldman Sachs international division is president of The European Central Bank?
where did peace talks begin between Movement For democracy in Liberia and Taylor?
Which actor portrayed Franz Oberhauser?
What does Cambridge ask applicants?
what are the shots for
What percentage of the population in 2011 were millenials?
What caused the deaths of half of Cork's citizens?
Where are the records of the EIC housed today?
how many ice rinks are there in canada
when did big ben come into the nfl
who played cousin penny in that 70s show
when does the next gen ipad come out
where does fat digestion take place in the human body
What should go to prevention programs?
Where did the Opel workers strike?
who has most views on youtube for a song
Who waved a flag with a Nazi swastika?
what is the state nickname of new hampshire
With whom was he said to have conspired?
What did Vogue request?
What is the UK's equivalent to the CIA?
where is sisterhood of the traveling pants filmed
What city was Julian King killed in?
Who is trailing Obama in the polls?
who did david ryall play in call the midwife
Who holds for a thing to exist through time is for it to exist as a continuous reality?
Who removed Carrefour boycott comments from some websites?
when do pod save america episodes come out
What natural disaster in 1971 contributed to the success of Schwarzenegger's business?
who is celebrating the 31st anniversary of the Islamic Revolution?
Which religious official was also killed during the fighting?
Along with Staten Island and the Bronx, what borough is served by the New York Public Library?
What actress was issued an arrest warrant?
How many people have booked this cruise?
Who heavy was the Helepolis siege tower?
Who said ghosts can get pushy?
varney the vampyre is an example of this type of 19th century weekly publication
Greater magadha stretched from Sravasti in the north-west to what area in the south-east?
who is the main character in metal gear
Who did Williams beat?
Who was led past a cheering crowd?
What brand products were found to contain salmonella?
Who killed friday?
How many passengers will be taken across the Potomac?
Who ended the English Masonic disclosure policy in 2009?
who did puss and boots grow up with at the orphanage
The Sheikh wants to resolve the nuclear dispute with which country?
What was added to animal food products?
Where does a notable rock painting of a man on horseback exist?
What did the pope die of?
How is "body dissatisfaction" defined?
company having highest number of employees in india
when did its a wonderful life come out
Who was the author of the Virginia Statute for Religious Freedom?
Where did the  Uyghurs go to?
who decides where the world cup is held
on which day marks the 25th anniversary of the first Macintosh computer?
What else is disqualification called?
at what temperature does diesel fuel start to jail
what parts of england were bombed in ww2
Watchmaker left what?
when was last time seattle seahawks won superbowl
what is an adaptation of a cave dwelling animal
where is area code 847 located in the united states
Who purchased the rights to the tantalum light filament from Siemens?
who made catch me outside how bout that
What might Apple be getting sucked into?
who scored in the fa cup final 2018
What are the common languages spoken?
Who can dating be daunting for?
where was the memphis belle stationed during the war
who has won the most mens wimbledon titles
Under what name do research laboratories operated by IBM work under?
What did the experts say about toxic dumping?
When did they indict him?
Who said: "When you needed him, he was a rock"?
Who said there is a video of the scene?
Men were partying where?
when will the evaluation be done?
who played the lead female role in rosemary 's baby
What position did Ehud Olmert formerly have?
what was the result of the review?
What type of radio station is KUHA?
What notable hurricane occurred between the 1980s and 1990s?
Equestrianism regained importance in Montevideo after what?
who wrote i 'm a survivor by destiny 's child
Who was on the vessel?
where is season 5 american horror story filmed
What plants are the goal of sequencing wild forms of cotton?
The implications of identity and identity construction are discussed in what settings?
What do the people each club elect oversee?
where did the titanic leave from before it sank
What happened to the trial?
There was marked interest in what?
In what year did the establishment of Coconut Grove occur?
who wrote the devil went down to georgia lyrics
who has won the most oscars for costume design
what is modern portfolio theory ( mpt )
who won the first sino japanese war and why
protocol that is used to transmit data without any schedule time is
Who managed to score two times?
What will George Lopez begin in November?
what is the travel author name?
What did Ahmadinejad say?
who published a book in 1962 that started the environmental movement
what did the zoo do?
How many nations did the U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom name?
What did Thomas Laird dismiss the Yuan dynasty as?
What style of architecture does the Houses of Parliament exemplify?
what else was he famous for
who died in the accident
What did the Quebec Act of 1774 do about language?
Who helped end leatherback turtle slaughter in her community?
when does persona 5 dancing star night come out
when was madoff arrested
what type of fish is angie from shark tale
when did the nintendo gameboy color come out
Who is she getting married to?
maximum length of a probation order in canada
What was his sentence?
when does maze runner the death cure come on dvd
What is about to merge?
What sutras are reserved for those who follow the bodhisattva path?
who was roland in the song of roland
Who came from behind with goals?
who sings when we walked in fields of gold
who has won the scottish league the most times
highest score in t20 international cricket by a batsman
when did right to education act approved by parliament came into force
who played drums on the end by the beatles
What is Athar Minallah's job title?
where are the protests
Are the languages of Myanmar widely used by other nations  ?
In what year was Hopkins School founded in New Haven?
where are the ascii characters found in the utf-8 code points
what is the latest android operating system version
when was the last time philadelphia eagles won the superbowl
Who did she marry?
how many floors in world trade center abu dhabi
What was the main focus surrounding the fourth series?
How does kaolin create a more gentle light?
when different parties control the white house and congress
What G7 members are among great powers?
Hunting allowed what type of rituals?
What team did the owner of the Detroit Drive buy that led him to sell the Drive?
What system of the body is related to emotion's physiology?
What was the suspect wearing?
where is the tv series when calls the heart filmed
who played michael sullivan jr in road to perdition
What was the former name of the Turnbull Government?
what language do they speak in the island of dominica
What's the abbreviation for medium-density fiberboard?
Which candidate dropped out of the race, following losing the Oklahoma primary?
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton makes unannounced visit to what country /
who plays the wife in how i met your mother
When were turkeys first used in a domestication setting?
Who won this season of Idol?
Who is using heavy weapons?
where does artificial strawberry and raspberry flavoring come from
For what subjects did professors use the work of Hippocrates?
What sort of bakery is open?
How many agricultural products in 2012 was Iran a top 5 producer in the world? Answer: 12
who was the leader of the small american militia force in lexington
When did the sixth season of Digimon begin airing?
Who is visiting the UK for 3 days?
What governmental style of monarch is Elizabeth?
How did Nasser's promises of increased freedoms turn out?
What was the 12 year old girl?
How much did it cost to build the operations base of Southampton's police service?
Are travel deals a good thing?
What notable event in the AFL first occurred in 1993?
which animal is featured on the alfa romeo car logo
What two cities have a population over 50,000?
How many kidney transplants has the woman had?
How are music player controls accessed by 360 users?
Who was a vereran of two wars?
What was the name of Sony's President who announced his retirement amid rumors in April 2007?
Where does RAdio Gaalkacyo operate from?
who wears the green jersey tour de france
In what area of Somalia can one find the tombs decorated with plants?
How long were the suspects tracked for?
What is the president's name?
what is the movie 3 days to kill
Who was helping people get back on their feet?
when was the last time the edmonton oilers won the stanley cup
What was lacking in the presentation of religious events in Rome?
In what conflict did the Ottoman Turks use falconets?
Which group did Tito order his forces to assist?
In what year did iPod sales show improvement?
Which syllable does the German pronunciation of Hanover stress?
What was the first Greek opera?
Modern Baptist churches trace their history to the English Separatist movement in the century after the rise of what?
How does hydrogen function when it s burned?
What did the CD evolve from?
who has the sole power to call for impeachment
What instruments does 'kef' use?
What groups beliefs does the Charismatic Movement seek to add to branches of Christianity?
The Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space was established in what year?
who wrote the song i wan na grow old with you
What does the group plan?
What sorts of films did American Movie Classics primarily show?
What reopens after suspending flights for hours Friday?
Which group did Rumsfeld think was active in Kashmir?
What did the investigation find about FBI?
who plays brain in pinky and the brain
What appointment received David McAteer?
where is the art institute of chicago located
What are some predators of the electric eel?
The interracial couples in Liberia result in what?
Who took control of the city after the Mayor's removal?
when did the first range rover come out
When did the Washington Post say Kerry was important envoy?
where is enoch first mentioned in the bible
who plays ginny weasley in the harry potter movies
When did evidence of wheeled vehicles appear throughout the world?
How many people attended the Lviv rally?
Who went unconscious at the controls during a flight from Florida?
when did the first spider man movie come out
Who is the partner?
where did the name mini cooper come from
is the honda crosstour a car or suv
How many were killed by the tainted milk?
In what other languages is this pattern found?
who plays the queen in chronicles of narnia
where is the copyright page located in a book
when does the new movie halloween come out
What is the process of adapting to the environment and inheriting changes through use or disuse called?
Who called the pilots reckless?
Obligations for minority leader are stated in what document?
Who was Paul VI in favor of cooperating with in the translation of the bible?
What do Vancouver-based brands turn out?
Who is in Berlin?
where was the first battle of the american revolution fought
what did lionel messi score
is new jersey an open or closed primary
name one south american country that does not have an outlet to an ocean
Were the other nine charged?
What explorer traveled through the Tuvalu islands in 1764?
Who thought that Burke's imitation was too perfect to be effective ridicule?
who commits the murders in the cabinet of dr. caligari
who won ru pauls drag race season 9
How many  current Catholic justices were appointed by Republican presidents ?
who played the original creature from the black lagoon
who played the diva in the movie fifth element
What types of churches attract tourists to Palermo?
Why was the second decline in popularity not a strong as the first?
of what type are the oldest surviving rocks on earth
when does a new season of the ranch
What did Indian first want as government?
Which US armed force uses red as the main color of its flag?
what did atf say
When was she nominated for an Academy award?
Who helped IBM develop the Playstation 3 microprocessor?
Who wears the Doc Martens?
Whose pronouncements within Jehovah Witnesses group are considered to carry almost as much weight as the Bible?
When are the 2 Queen Elizabeth class ships due to become operational?
where was the movie do n 't breathe filmed
What percent say Biden won the debate?
What does the transistor provide?
where do the words mardi and gras come from
How many homes were left without permanent shelter?
What percentage of the capital's residents had electricity before the quake?
when did doctor who come back in 2005
whats Two sisters and a cousin, ages 27 to 34, will be showcased on the program?
What plant did Mendel use to demonstrate inheritance?
The Luftwaffe used how many short tons of bombs during the Blitz?
Who was detained in North Korea?
david tennant 's last episode of doctor who
Who was eliminated the week after judges saved Jessica Sanchez on American Idol?
Who was a former Navy pilot?
What do experts say about earbuds?
who does princess mia end up marrying in the books
The growth of what organization was prompted by the Triangle Shirtwaist Factory fire?
what is the flag of turkey look like
The alps is home to how many people?
where was ex on the beach filmed hawaii
How many ships have pirates capture?
what term do we use for the lowest layer of the atmosphere
Who says insurance companies are only out to please Wall Street investors?
what city is close to fort worth texas
Aging adult's ability to recognize pain may be blunted by what?
What is the highest tax bracket in Montana?
In what month does the Queen entertain the diplomatic corps?
Who does the mission  have to be authorized by?
who plays tywin lannister on game of thrones
What are the two official languages of Israel?
On what part of the island is Fort Oscar located on the far side of?
The American Library Associated ranked To Kill a Mockingbird where on its most frequently challenged books of 2000-2009?
What is the typical goal for the life of a tungsten filament bulb?
Who dodges questions about personal views?
where did the name chupa chups come from
What year were the remains of the Queen Anne's Revenge discovered?
What was the result of the election of two popes at the same time?
What did Theo do?
The Food and Agriculture Organization describes its entire theater of operations as what?
What did the Pechenges trade with the Rus?
In what year did Kanye West's mother pass away? 
What was the maximum number of North Korean troops engaged in the war?
what did a judge do in the old testament
What type of matter does the model consider it to be?
Where were the multiple breaks?
What is Jame's Presley's nickname?
In what year did Tucson get the most rain?
who played wicked witch of the west in oz
who are the most highly trained individuals in the ems system
How many  people were  injured ?
When were the bodies discovered?
How long have they been searching?
who did the voice of michael jackson on the simpsons
who did our founding fathers originally give authority to select senators
When was the oldest co-ed  a cappella group at Washington University founded?
Which political practice did Montesquieu originate?
When did the Japanese fleet arrive off Midway?
what 's the percentage of black population in the united states
who played daniel in the bible mini series
who won america 's got talent season 12
Who has the record for scoring the most goals in single season?
Where was the store?
where was season 4 fear the walking dead filmed
Which team qualified for Euro 2008 finals?
Who is taking steps to study the effects of concussion on players?
Rawlinson, Layard and others were reviewed in what?
Twenty-six teams have how many countries will be competing?
What caused the North Koreans to move their capital for the second time?
What was Cpl. Trent D. Thomas charged with?
What treatment is Michael Brewer having?
What year was the Alaska Railroad built?
who said with great power comes great responsibility in spiderman
when did rationing start in britain during world war 2
who was the film produced by?
Where is the storm right now?
what did the union army do to complete step 3 of the anaconda plan
How many days of attacks have there been?
What countries have been "blacklisted"?
when did the us host the world cup
What did the Majority Leader say about the Dems?
Who enforces canon law in Catholicism?
How does Forbe's believe the Arsenal club was worth in 2015?
What group has not approved Diprivan?
when was the first episode of supernatural aired
who said all good things must come to an end
Who is working with the Democratic congress?
who is the white girl from the drive time commercial
what can Inhalation of powdered beryllium do
What song offers advise to Obama?
What is the military doing to prevent change?
What was the name of the explorer who visited the area in 1609?
when did the first fleet arrive in tenerife
Which papers do Murdoch own?
who came up with the rubik 's cube
How many CIA officers were killed December 30?
What drug is "as dangerous as it comes"?
what equipment will Iran use?
what is another name for plants in the food web
What is a drawback of gramophone use?
what is the full name of statue of liberty
Who is Mann married to?
when did the beatles perform at shea stadium
who sang i 'm gon na wash that man right out of my hair
give an example of a musical work of prokofiev
In 2008, what percentage of voters were democrats?
What was Jackson looking to control?
according to evolutionary theory kin selection is most adaptive in terms of
In what New York park can one find performances at no cost?
How many people died?
This same procedure was more recently done to fix a similar error in which year?
When did the accident occur?
How many Awas have been abducted since February?
who sings the song i 'm all the way up
What was the first building to be inaugurated? 
Tremont Street is named after what original hill in Boston?
what is the largest city in latin america
What did the UK intel chief say about children?
Which African country is a destination for migrants?
which established the guidelines by which new states would be added to the united states
highest number of innings in a baseball game
How much livestock was lost?
when was red fort granted the world heritage site
When did the Soviet Union break up?
who plays shannon on how i met your mother
when The Mob Museums will open?
What was the incident
What were Jehovah's Witnesses identified by in Nazi concentration camps?
how many episodes in designated survivor season 1
What caused Victoria to become the Queen of the United Kingdom?
who is the current steel minister of india
What is the purpose of the BeiDou-1 system using stallites in geostationary orbit?
When does San Diego receive most of its precipitation?
The Battle of Gallipoli and the Siege of Kut resulted in what?
term given to the urban industrial midwest region
What decade was significant to Iranian film?
when was the last time england were in the semi finals
During what notable Middle East conflict is it believed by some that Universities received influence from madrasas?
who produced i wan na dance with somebody
what is the si unit for power which equals joules per second
What is the relationship called in a navigational model?
When did the continuous attack start?
when did the inauguration change from march to january
as of 2015 south sudan is the world 's youngest country . was it recognised in 2009
What was Maxwell for 20-plus years?
who won the champions league twenty20 in 2013
What was the percentage of Greeks in the Cyprus population?
Who was killed
How many days of national mourning is seted?
How many people died?
How much evidence do they have?
Where are ski-jump ramps located on aircraft carriers?
what was the new?
who was on the cover of madden 17
Where does the Arena Football League rank amongst professional football leagues in North America by longevity?
Prior to 7th century, what was primary religion of Egypt?
who was being threatened
what is the latest version of microsoft internet explorer
What is the age of daughter of Florida couple?
Who granted Imperial degree-awarding powers?
who played jon arryn in game of thrones
What does the Iraqi government ban?
What Dominican friar celebrated the arts of the Renaissance age?
Where was the Eiffel Tower revealed?
who played the son in kramer vs kramer
what are the effects of climate change
when did the concept of original sin begin
What did Jim die from?
what does fear of the lord mean catholic
What colors are used to form white light?
Where did John von Neumann circulate the first draft of a report on the EDVAC?
final episode of star trek deep space nine
What year did Bell become President of the National Geographic magazine?
What is the car powered by?
Who played Severine in the previous Bond film?
when did the first hobbit movie come out
how many players are there in kabbadi game
What is also on board?
How much bail money did they spend?
when did beauty and the beast the musical come out
What encourages green investment?
What do some eschew altogether? 
Who dominated UK awards?
Which diplomat was arrested?
where do private equity firms get their money
What does J.C.B. stand for?
When did Israel join the OECD?
who painted the nine compartments in the ceiling of the banqueting house whitehall palace in england
Who is in a civil war with Tamil Tigers?
What was the score of the deciding game?
Who was the nephew of leopold?
What is advised to do in the cooler months?
what is kepler orbiting
who sings the degrassi next class theme song
who has the most blocks in wnba history
who was james bond in original casino royale
What was the sprinter's name  who shattered world records?
Who is ranked 20th?
What type of relations did Paul VI's Humanae VItae discuss?
At least how many other flights traveled from Brazil to Europe around the same time as 447?
when is the disney zombie movie coming out
Courts of which country rejected appeal calling for clarification of laws on assisted suicide?
Why did Blacks move to Detroit in the middle if the 20th century?
what are the police doing
What did lawmakers reject?
How many boaters are missing>
Who is defence minister of Pakistan?
highest number of gold medals in olympics by an individual
How many of New York's boroughs would be counted among the United States' ten most populated cities if they were independent?
What number died in the mortar attacks in Baghdad?
What chromosome was focused on to circumvent some of the complications associated with selection?
What injuries were there?
Which college participates in college football at the highest level?
In what states is Fort Bliss located?
who is the oldest nba player to play
Where is the APEC summit?
when did gas monkey bar and grill open
who 's the murderer on the orient express movie
who sings the theme song on one tree hill season 8
who won season 8 of americas got talent
when is american woman going to be on tv
What age was the dog when it died?
Who was killed?
How high did the 1992 Bohemian Rhapsody chart?
When did the war start?
Who is trickling back into the region?
where is the tv show the alienist filmed
Who was convicted of killing baby in her care in Saudi Arabia?
When was the soundtrack of Twilight Princess made available?
What did the Manchu's make all the men in the city do?
where does the name the big apple come from
Where will Kennedy stay for a week?
Did Cruise receive honor for his humanitarian work?
what is the system of measurement used in the us
What types of periods did the cold war see?
How were the Marshal and Constable of France formally classified?
Who has the power "to coin money"?
What does HP stand for?
who is the man who killed barry allen 's mother
In addition to ghost employees and the black market receiving drugs, what other way was money expended?
How many sections does an insect's body appear to be divided?
who is tyler perry
Who left behind a restaurant?
how many rural banks do we have in ghana
What did the Bush administration describe as parasitical?
who wrote the song this girl is on fire
what colour jersey does the stage winner of the tour de france wear
What Christian denomination did Eisenhower belong to?
when does the new 2017 star wars movie come out
What does IBM stand for?
what did cahill deny
what is the source of two china 's great rivers
What is the purpose of the gas in a light bulb?
when was the bible translated into king james version
what is the height of the new world trade center
Where was arrested Dennis Earl Bradford?
when were personal computers first sold to the public
who did butler beat in the final four
Who is in court?
What years did the civil war take place?
who wrote let you love me rita ora
when was corporal punishment banned in uk schools
What college with the initials BPC is outside of the city but still popular with students from Southampton?
What do polls show?
When was the first trail of RhB system tested?
Against who did Britain declare war against in 1939?
Where did Palin make the controversial remaks?
What are they reacting to?
what was the longest lasting military engagement of ww2
who built the sudarshan lake in the saurashtra region
What did Eve Ensler say about the war in Congo?
How many men sighted Antarctica in 1820?
Who is currently the Chief of the department?
what kind of money is used in chile
Where did Nasser go to boarding school?
where did the story of frosty the snowman come from
What do the Protestants call him?
What does Bernstein claim McCain rejected?
Castro and Correa met over economic matters and what else?
Where was the photo taken?
What year is the law that would be replaced if approved?
What did Bono say he was doing after the plan won funding?
when are new episodes of riverdale coming out
Who is being referred to as a "vengeful killer?"
Where is the Solitary Beauty Peak located?
what system is being pushed forward
who won the march madness tournament last year
Where is Kashmir?
When did Apple reveal that most of the iTunes selection was free from DRM?
Fireworks are discharged on New Year's Eve from what contemporary London landmark?
who threw the golden apple in greek mythology
what did the journalist report
what was the first attack in world war 2
What is not a good situation?
Where did anti-semitic attitude spread primarily?
How is the evacuation tube sealed?
What language did the Jews speak prior to assimilating into German culture?
What job did Tony Snow hold?
Who is going to try again?
What would be the purpose of organizing non majority members of  the house?
Russia has a military base in which city in Armenia?
What size of quake occurred near Japan?
actor who played justin in 13 reasons why
Which team is in fourth place?
who played the older sister on the wonder years
when was school leaving age raised to 15
On what day did the shooting occur?
What year was April Tinsley abducted?
Pig iron is composed of iron and what else?
When was the Arsenal stadium bombed?
When did MacDonald submit the resignation of his ministers?
who killed barry allen 's mom in the comics
How many investigators were there?
Where was the pirate brought to?
when did britain vote to join the eec
The farewell party will be held on what day?
How many were wounded?
What suggests that Athanasius was familiar with ancient Greek philosophers?
What made Claus von Bulow sad?
Who wrote 'The World In Grey'?
What European Parliamentary constitutency is Plymouth a part of?
what will it cost
where was the movie 13 reasons why filmed
What is the Ancient Macedonian word for stone?
what is the legal driving age in alberta
Who was the captain of New Haven's Second Company, Governor's Foot Guard?
When did the two polytechnic schools in Hong Kong receive status as universities?
what is the population of phenix city alabama
what is the most widely spoken language in brazil
Was this always the case in American political addresses?
whose son also died in the Marines?
What componds are common in copper?
who played all the carly 's on general hospital
Fearing the provocation of Communist China, what country's request for combat troops did the US deny?
Who did Chopin say were the two most important composers in his own music influences?
Who was the sole surviving son?
who won on asias next top model cycle 5
What does prosecutor say
Who was allowed to wear gamrents dyed with Tyrian purple in ancient Rome?
what season does sarah come back in arrow
who came up with the phrase bling bling
when did they stop making silver kennedy half dollars
Who was born without arms?
Who is working with Hillary Clinton?
Whose home is the police going to search?
since when Canadian trauma doctors have argued for air transport?
when did alabama became a right to work state
How much did officials say the original versions are worth?
when did bill me later became paypal credit
What was removed from the Chinook helicopters?
How many representatives did FIFA have in the IFAB?
How many Jews were burned to death in 1349?
Who announced the arrest of two top Taliban figures?
when did el salvador start using the dollar
when did johnny cash record i won back down
Where were shots fired?
how many times csk reached final in ipl
What did Dick Cheney say?
how many episodes is on season 7 of game of thrones
who does lady gaga play in ahs hotel
what is the name of the form of chemical energy in the body that can be used by all cells
what is the meaning of the song thinking out loud by ed sheeran
Did the survivors eventually recover fully?
Which police department did the undercover agent work for?
What instinct tells writer Bilson?
who plays the crazy neighbor on the middle
who performed the first successful heart transplant in australia
What law do most US states use to protect trade secrets?
What is the exhibit a part of?
What country warned Nasser that Israel wanted to attack Syria?
What did the US rank?
who plays tupac mom in all eyez on me
who has the most acc championships in football
is she still together with him
When was Christie's founded?
The latest person to be pulled out alive
Where is Midtown Raleigh?
What did the convoy transport?
who plays the scarecrow in the original wizard of oz
Who had Jefferson's letter been sent to?
Which countries claim to have sunk it?
Who, in 2007, frustrated Elizabeth?
What is the Twitter username being placed up for auction by Drew Olanoff?
Against which group of people was Pelayos fighting?
What did Cara Cusumano say about piracy in 2014 that people want?
What is the name of one sweet dessert in Greece?
when was the writ of habeas corpus created
What property is important to manufacturers who use "second-growth" hardwood?
when does season 3 of trollhunters come out
who drew the first image of uncle sam
Who did the Independent state wouldn't decide the election?
where was an independent arab state created after world war i
What happened just after the attack on Peal Harbor?
What are officials seeking to do about protesting parents?
When did the Avid Life Media CEO resign?
A blend of Iranian and what other type of artwork were the Parthians' art comprised of?
Changes in what intended to keep U.S. banks competitive with their European counterparts?
What was the severity of the majority of elevator failures recorded?
When did Margulies pick her outfit?
What is happening to the clinic?
where is the prado museum located in spain
how many episodes of the originals season 5 is there
Who was leading the government at the time of Victoria's accension?
how many stanzas are there in pakistan national anthem
what is the main airport in providence rhode island
where did the chicken cross the road joke originated
What have soaring food prices trigger?
who sings bring me to life with evanescence
who has won the popular vote but lost the election
Peoples sense of worth was expressed through what in the Pre-modern era?
who coined the term protoplasm for living matter
what movie is because you loved me in
where does lost energy go in inelastic collisions
What was Raul Xazziel Ramirex just shy of
What is destroying homes?
when did the us institute an income tax
when is an action potential produced in a muscle fiber
where did the first christmas tree come from
where was casino royale filmed in the bahamas
Who finds it cheaper to throw away rather than fix electrical products
What is Isaac accused of doing?
family guy episode brian and stewie build a house
what is a bloody mary called in canada
What did Barak think of the War?
what was the purpose of the colossus of rhodes
who beats Igor Andreev in second round of Monte Carlo Rolex Masters?
who was involved in the croatian war of independence
when does a president 's fiscal year start
where is the main hunting ground for blue whales located
How much money was this lawsuit for?
In what year did Paris get a police force?
what is recovering according to scientists
Who lives in poverty?
when was office version 1.0 for windows released
When did war with France break out?
who is allison pearson
Which commander did Liu Bang defeat in the Battle of Gaixia?
When was the Re-Invention World Tour kick off?
who is Gordon Brown?
where did tanker explosion occurred?
what episode in naruto shippuden does hinata appear
What is a term of the 20th centrury intended to stabilize the geographical application of Near East to ancient history?
Where did the Romans remove their troops from after Philip's loss?
who wrote lara 's theme from dr. zhivago
what are the type of genes that prevent other genes from showing their phenotype
What happens when an elevator goes into Phase one mode?
who plays ethan in my babysitters a vampire
how many planet are in our solar system
star vs the forces of evil who plays star
What is one way to classify pesticides?
what brought large amounts of water into the city of rome
After what does the military evaluate its circumstances?
In what year was the World War I Memorial Carillon constructed?
how many teams from asia in world cup 2018
Where is Nome located?
What is the definition of radiant luminous efficacy?
Who had problems?
on what day did Agatha struck on?
What happens at the end of 'Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade'?
when does the 4th of july holiday start
who plays alex vause in orange is the new black
The ground strikes are to target who?
What is the student population of University of Westminster?
in which decade was the ct scanner developed
What did the children on the bus do after the crash?
Which others are currently at sea?
How many students attend catholic schools?
Since when have CPUs been constructed with a microprocessor?
What three composers did Chopin take inspiration from?
How many successive civil wars occurred between Greek clans?
When did Greg Rouse begin trying to categorize polychaetes?
How many synapses does the human brain supposedly contain?
how many episodes of kurt seyit and sura
What number of people were attacked in 2008 by sharks?
where does the last name posey come from
when did the government get involved in healthcare
What event started the consular year?
where is 614 area code in the united states
whom did the gunman kill
Which branch of the military was Lieutenant Thomas Selfridge in?
which is the communist dictator?
Who wrote a letter on June 7, 1842 about a stay in Nohant?
Who was returned to power in 1892?
What century was the architect Le Corbusier in?
Who popularized ideas emphasizing the centrality of genes in evolution?
How many were dead?
On what show did Queen announce they would be touring with Adam Lambert?
How many manufacturing workers does Paris have?
where did poll parrot sit whilst eating toast and tea
What group was inspired by the Estudiantina Figaro? 
How many people are being treated at George Washington Hospital?
when did charlie and the waitress get married in real life
where do red blood cells get their energy
Who spotted him struggling
What was his fine?
when did george from grey 's anatomy die
The latest research into newer aspects of immunology is focused on what three elements of the body?
who was among the dead
Who has failed to secure majority?
What was the estimated capacity of solar water heating and cooling in 2007?
who has been appointed as governor of bihar
What photos are among Leibovitz's most controversial works?
Why did confusion reign?
Who was a correspondent for season two?
who drives the 24 car in nascar now
when is the first curse broken once upon a time
What are Analina Rooms?
who is the song tennessee flattop box about
where does route 66 start on the east coast
what cellular structure is associated with movement of cilia
Which pharmacy is next door to Dr.  Arnold Klein's office?
the 1930s dust bowl in the great plains was caused by
who is the father of nation of saudi arabia
What else, besides direction, is asymmetry attributable to?
What happened to the scores of students who listened to rock and roll or country?
What is the name of the Bolivian president?
The idea of culture in Europe in the 19th century reflected what during this time period?
who played hal in malcolm in the middle
How many hostages have been released since february
american female singer who died in a plane crash
Which area is under a blizzard warning?
What were killed in Floriday?
how many us military bases in other countries
who 's picture is on the $ 5 bill
who will lead india in icc under-19 cricket world cup 2018
What might British TV begin advertising?
Who said  Laughing at yourself same as "spitting in your own face"
sword art online ordinal scale english dub full movie release date
What is it known as if blood is present?
What are the names of the two native birds in Guam before the brown snake intrusion?
What is the name of the killed Al Qaeda operative?
what is the meaning of kashmir by led zeppelin
who led the slave revolt on august 22 1791
who is rick talking to on the phone walking dead
Who did Darwin write his ideas to in 1842?
Who is Kahan a devout follower of?
Which statement about the teen did police release?
Who are the Chinese Muslims?
what sport does he do
Which county in Estonia is the most uniform?
What country owns the MS Columbus?
why is the room south of the rotunda called statuary hall
What is frequently the reason for rapidly burying bodies in mass graves?
where are collagen fibers found in the body
what government auditors examined
Who approves legislation?
what is reason for unrest?
Who won the Premier Leaque Game at Old Trafford?
who plays the wizard clock in boss baby
What did Burke support Britain fighting against?
what powers did a tribune allow the plebeians to exercise
When did the club close its doors?
where is the bass strait located on a map
What declined under competition?
what kind of news did nestor have of telemachus father
What place did Chasetown come in?
settings of noli me tangere and el filibusterismo
What percent increase in water supply will the city see after the Croton Watershed plant is finished?
What have more evangelicals begun persuing in the past few decades?
When was DeGarmo's most recent tour?
Upon Chopin's bicentenary, who recommended a list of who should perform Chopin?
who canceled the production of a cradle will rock two days before opening night
what kind of operation was subjected Susan Stanton
What were they arrested for?
what is the fourth letter of the greek alphabet
what is the name of anushkas character in pari
who wins the 2017 australia mens open tennis single title
who plays michael scofield 's mother in prison break
what is the atomic mass of the element cobalt ( co )
when did gta 5 come out for ps3
What three noun genders does Serbo-Croatian have?
what was scotland called before it was called scotland
According to Bastian, what did he believe all human societies shared?
where was the beginning of rogue one filmed
What was Lopez the survivor of?
What did the owner invent?
how much did it cost to make the great gatsby
who does timon 's voice in the lion king
what lauryn hill song is in drake 's new song
Did Michael Jackson have will?
who was first winner of who wants to be a millionaire
who opened the chamber of secrets in harry potter
Who was the third caliph?
What's the Dutch word for "bird"?
What was the name of Davis's ship?
What could spark violence?
who plays dr. ben on the bold type
who invented the gas mask in world war 1
what county is indian rocks beach florida in
Who have grave concern about the launch?
What did Lincoln do well in the war?
To what rate did Zimbabwe inflation grow?
What is founded by former soya salesman?
None of the Fantastic Four had what hidden element so common to other superheroes?
What is the case tied to?
What was the boat carrying?
When was John excommunicated?
Who employs just more than 40,000 people in the United Kingdom?
What is one of the wealthiest nonprofit organizations in America?
What do experts say tackling piracy would mean?
What person was the tribute for?
who starred in the hand that rocks the cradle
What is another name for steamer ducks?
where was the democratic national convention held in 1968
What is one type of multi-color white LED?
Who was the Senate's Majority Leader in 1958?
what are the chemical application of potassium permanganate
What type of defense did plants adaptively evolve in response to insects?
what was the result of the 100 year war
Where in Boston can I see jazz, cabaret and burlesque?
who played matthew on the new adventures of old christine
What major health risk do people who oppose DST say it increases?
Where were the allegations made?
Where did Sonam Gyatso die?
What philosophy  formed at the time of the Gupta Empire?
what Solar ejections can wreak havoc on Earth?
What season do cases of dengue fever spike?
Who condemed the bombing of Peshawar market?
which is larger north america or south america
which golfer is ahead of federer
How many blacks served in the Ottoman Army during the Austro-Turkish War of 1716-18?
What topic did Eisenhower not discuss during the campaign?
What company is the Department of Justice investigating?
Where did the back porch fire take place?
What direction are the Tortolita Mountains from Tuscon?
Whose thoughts were impacted by Montesquieu's philosophy?
What has more than doubled?
What else was found on 24 Themis?
who won the toss in 1983 world cup final
How many of Jackson's solo records are all-time best-sellers?
Which work of Isaac Newton was published in Latin and remained inaccessible to readers without education until Enlightenment writers began to translate and analyze it in the vernacular?
Where is it displayed?
Who defeated Bayern Munich?
What did Gorbachev say?
What violation could result in stoning and was supported by 82% of Egyptian responders?
who is the voice of sherman in mr peabody
who is the actor who played harry potter
Who conducted the audit?
To whom was a temple dedicated at the settlement of the strike?
What award did Kaka win
what world record does kanda hold?
what is the ambassador to the united nations
What does gradual sea level rise allow for coral to increase?
What learning tool did Cosmos rosselliius write about?
Why are there differences in ancient copies of the same text?
who played golda in fiddler on the roof
What are colleagues talking about?
Where was the Arab League summit held?
How have international relations developed due to the recent political changes in Burma ? 
when did it become legal to advertise prescription drugs on tv
The entry of whom has caused some worry about the welfare of Antarctica?
Name another major group that Jews are often identified as belonging to?
where is the violence?
What is the main science institution in Estonia?
Where was the crackdown?
Oltenia is also known as what?
What did the personal office look like?
what is the origin of the word agriculture
What is the rivalry between OSU and University of Oklahoma called?
who called bush an honest person
when did anthem of the seas come out
What is surrounding Seattle?
What happened to the U.S. Embassy vehicle?
How many people were killed during the demonstrations against the curfew?
WHat happened to the nobilities feudal power?
What did the USAF use the WC-130H aircraft for before they converted them for transport missions? 
Where did the wire lead to?
What does "siva" mean in Samoan?
who wrote the song it never entered my mind
how many grammy nominations did the starland vocal band earn in 1976
who played the music for eddie and the cruisers
When did Jackson die?
who sang sleeping single in a double bed
Who did Idaho execute in 2011?
In what country did the even happen?
What factor affected the ability of a child to be in a tribe?
What was the score in the Barca game?
What was he accused of?
How was French president Jacques Chirac described by The Sun?
Who ruled Nepal after the Licchavi?
In which decades did bands like MC5 and Rare Earth become big in Detroit?
where is the oldest functioning railway station in india located
Is Utrecht connected to the Dutch road system
who was the french priest who founded the first school for the deaf
Where did 'Britain's Waterloo' occur?
What did the British-French commanders send to disrupt Russian communications and supplies?
How did old Czech allow some complex consonant clusters to be pronounced?
How many soldiers did the Cavalry Regiment save?
Which courts decisions are binding across the entire United States?
Whose writings led to the clerical belief in the divinity of light?
On October 16, 2008, how long did UBS predict the United States' recession would last?
who played young donna in mama mia here we go again
What day is now a National holiday in connection to Moussa Traoré?
On what frequencies is an orange peel effect most noticeable?
Is there a leader going to emerge?
Where do many Air Force families live?
What country's ships did some witnesses say were involved in the Baarawe attack?
What did the ELO commit itself on?
What songs were used?
What town was a common site of agitation within the area?
who is the second lieutenant?
How many Marines would the United States move to Guam?
What kind of invertebrates have been found on the island?
Who approves of the job Obama is doing?
What do the investments aim at?
Who still works 40 hours a week?
Where was the bomb detonated?
how many runs sachin scored in 2011 world cup
what does somali officials do?
How many of the plants that can only be found on Norfolk Island are rare or threatened?
How many men were convicted?
As one of the oldest telephone companies, the SNET started in what year?
What have authorities not said?
What is El-Badri prepared to trim?
Who did the schools suspend?
What was the market share of OS X in North America by March 2011?
What kind of haircut does Kate Bosworth have?
how many protestants are in the united states
what form of cancer was Frazier diagnosed with
Who did John Rut write a letter to in 1527?
Who committed suicide?
What is the focus of the South Park?
Who has IBM partnered with to allow retail shoppers to easily donate money?
What illness does she have?
what is the primary language in toronto canada
who did the detroit pistons beat in the nba finals
What happened to John Francis after his second attempt to fire on the Queen?
What were the two earliest know cultural tribes in Switerland?
What did the Philippine authorities say?
He was arrested before he was going to be sworn in as what?
Where did Catalan experience defeat?
What is up 100% from last year?
who has won the world cup the most times
what benefits does a rotating space station offer its occupants
What Iranian nationalized industry has been noncompetitive and managed badly? 
who has the most career triple-doubles in the nba
What is the minimum amount of people that can be involved in a bribe?
ostracism is the basis for what in current american culture
Who has registered 3 million voters?
when did they build the golden gate bridge
Who did the barrel belong to?
How is the complex capacitance without dielectric represented mathematically?
What did Ryan Smith adivse Phelps to do?
where does the venus fly trap grow naturally
when was to kill a mocking bird based
What comprises the standard pronunciation of Catalan?
why do birds have eyes on either side of their head
What section in the US Code for the Secretary of the Air Force allows for the appointment of warrant officers?
What caused the looting?
How long ago was this?
What was trapped by rising water on Interstate 40?
What did health officials say?
Who are urging CBS to take action immediately?
how many episodes does the ancient magus bride have
What depicts the Gigantomachy on the acropolis of the city?
How much of Nigeria's population is Animist and other religions?
Which items of legislation did the Royal Institute play a large role in promoting?
In 2006, what was attempted?
What is Jon and Kate's last name?
what is the main function of motor neurons
who is the first hispanic supreme court justice
Who wants to execute a search warrant?
who came up with bless you when you sneeze
What percentage of the vote did Schwarzenegger's opponent Bustamante receive?
Where did the major storm move into?
What did Rolling Thunder create?
What does Bernero say free trade is?
Prejean, withdrew suit accusing pageant of what?
where is the bet awards being held this year
who was the only holocaust survivor?
How well was Palin known before summer?
What are drug dealers feeling?
how many times did alabama win the national championship
when did the back to the future ride close
When did the British government take over the Royal Niger Company's territory?
What book is the basis for education in Islamic traditions?
where are the straits of florida located on a map
what movie beat shawshank redemption for best picture
who set high goals for economy, energy, education and health care?
what is the book god of small things about
In what countries was the hunting for trophies frowned upon, back in the day and in modern times?
In what year did Time magazine choose Seattle Central Community College as community college of the year?
what was turkeys score
What was Raymond Davis charged with?
who discovered that light is faster than sound
Is the Suez Canal natural?
who shot the apple off the boy 's head
In what century was Christianity introduced?
who played johnny sacks wife on the sopranos
How many bodies are unidentifiable ?
Try healthy gifts for which day?
how many goals did McCarthy scored?
what was the result of the maastricht treaty
The Grand Orient de France and the United Grand Lodge of England continued in amity until when?
Name the Ingredient in men's vitamins
What does Cornwell say?
What Metropolitan Police do now to trace for evidence?
when did the first maze runner movie come out
What popular game was demoed in a video at the game shows?
who or what serves as the last or highest source for legal disputes in the united states
Which philosopher takes the evidentialist position?
What is the number of  drugs that are estimated to be marketed without approval?
Where is Corpus Christi State School located?
What programming languages does Windows Runtime work with?
Personal experience during what time had large impact?
What did these early schools during the Middle Ages evolve into?
when does boku no hero academia season 3 start
how many seasons of natsume yuujinchou are there
What can cause that reaction?
when did we start putting candles on birthday cakes
What did Cuba erect
Where does Egypt rank among oil and natural gas sonsumers in Africa?
How many braved the cold in Moscow to call for fair elections?
Element used to provide support to the original signal are called?
guitnang bayan 2 san mateo rizal zip code
What year was Kanye born?
What did Miguel López de Legazpi call the island discovered on January 9, 1530?
What was the size of one of the Prussian victories against the Russians?
what might change the resources that an economy has available over time
Who thought the senses were more important, Aristotle or Plato?
Which environment is better to isolate a single example of bacteria strain?
the bay that divides new brunswick and nova scotia
where is st petersburg on a map of florida
what is the population of santa fe texas
What is in the congregation?
which female player won the gold medal of table tennis singles in 2016 olympics games
What the Pakistani military said?
who was the voice of simon bar sinister
What is something somebody can use to remember something?
What does CAID stand for?
What television is Skype going to be on?
Who was in control of the Dutch East India Company (VOC) and the Dutch West India Company (WIC)?
when is the army vs navy football game
What ratio of teens are "heavy" social media users, using two types of media daily?
What type of gun was used?
What writer referred to the Christian period as new?
where are the mcallisters going in home alone
Identify a success of the Austrians?
Who is Osama bin Laden?
What laws do few states have?
What part of the province of Tarragona is Central Catalan spoken?
whose car was found
What percentage of HIV/AIDS infected in Swaziland are believed to be treated?
Who was the rape victim convicted of being with?
when did tony and carmela get back together
What happened to the number of free colored people for the first few decades after the war?
who are not standing in election?
when was i will always love you recorded
Who was involved in two shootings?
What is the nearest port to Saint Helena?
What type of the converter was used in hungarian locomotives of that time?
In 1887 the US Government wanted to undo Bell's patent due to fraud and what?
where does the series twin peaks take place
which verse in the bible talks about the prodigal son
who sang the original song the lion sleeps tonight
where is hill valley in back to the future
who knocked england out of 1978 world cup
fastest car in the world land speed record
What product is created if the requirement that every element has an inverse is eliminated?
What did the city employee say?
What piece of clothing is the macawis similar to?
In what year did Mstislavich defeat the Kiev?
when was the first miss america pageant televised
which channel in youtube has the most subscribers
Where did scholar Ioannis Kigalas flee to in the 17th century?
do away goals count in champions league playoffs
Who led fundraising efforts?
What mental condition is being discussed here?
What does he have to say about the allegations?
who won the gold medal in ice hockey at the 2006 olympics womens
who voiced thanos in guardians of the galaxy
when did the battle of el alamein take place
Who was the first torchbearer in Macao?
How many municipalities are in Thuringia? 
UCL Partners is the largest type of what facility in Europe?
What treatment helps improve those with allergic rhinitis and asthma?
where did the last name gaylord come from
Where was this measurement made?
Along with electronic pop, what type of music was the most successful in the 1980s?
Which country's courts were noted by the ECHR for taking a wider stance on provisions of genocide laws?
When do reports say there could be a strike?
when do i stop giving up for lent
In terms of academics what is a core requirement of a university?
who played superman in the hindi version of the film in 1987
who plays the lady with the beard in the greatest showman
When did Napoleon III visit London?
Which century produced the seven readings selected by Ibn Mujāhid?
Which successful World Touring Car Championship driver was produced in Switzerland despite the ban on motorsport events?
The New Delhi town plan was influenced by what type of architecture?
What adjective did Schwarzenegger say agents used to describe his body?
What branch of the military was involved in this decision?
who plays serena 's boss on gossip girl
When was 'From This Day Forward' released?
When does he plan to return to Pakistan?
who previously had moxt fans?
What does Anthony Hauser urges his wife and son to do?
What did Prince Andrew say?
In which type of school are kids required to take a number of health related courses?
What does WASP stand for?
who has the most goals on the rangers
how many hours?
What has WHo got no plans to do at the moment
Earthquakes hit both Greece and Turkey in which year?
What was the controversial domestic surveillance operation in this era?
who was the first ever pharaoh in egypt
What type of instrument was somewhat standardized int eh Baroque era?
Where were five hostages found dead?
When did Ellen join the judges' panel?
Who appeared in Court in Tennessee?
What year did Queen Victoria die?
where was waiting on a woman video filmed
Where were the Portuguese capacities centralized? 
When were French nobles converted to Protestantism?
when did apple 's first phone come out
who does the voice for lois in family guy
What did Cobb decline?
who become the oldest atp world number one
What are the laws in Dubai?
Who is President Bush going to address on Wednesday?
How many will there be
who does vic get pregnant by in longmire
What was implemented to provide transport to East Prussia?
what are the established years of spanish occupancy of the philippines
What year did producers attempt to sell the Pop Idol format in the United States? 
What was discovered in Colombia?
How many of the M2HB guns were mounted together on the M45 Quadmount weapons system?
What river was the Mercian region south of?
How many British troops were stationed in and around Iraq in 2003?
who wrote joseph and the amazing technicolor dreamcoat
Where is willow growing still practiced 
What is the opinion of UNESCO?
when were air brakes first used on trucks
When did Sandra go missing?
what did the researcher SAY
who does jamie chung play in the gifted
who failed in trying to free him
who wrote too much time on my hands
What did Gov. Rod Blagojevich say?
at what age does the thymus reach its maximal size
How many people were killed?
What green technology did Schwarzenegger have installed at home to reduce his carbon footprint? 
When did Motley Crue's album Shout At The Devil come out?
Who was the store manager?
What years did the war last through?
What are persistent infections characterized by the continual presence of?
What was now favored instead of training and experince at flight schools?
who said i am going outside and may be some time
who says attorney general retained doubts about the Iraq war
What is Jennifer Paviglianiti's age?
When did Finland leave the Russian Empire?
who wrote the song the man comes around
Were Tareq and Michaele Salahi invited to the state dinner?
What species declined due to hunting in Afghanistand and Asia?
What in sunscreen does FDA say is safe?
Have British forces ever launched a similar offensive?
How many marijuana plants have been seized?
who calls the plays for the dallas cowboys
who played janet in rocky horror picture show
How many people were discharged from the Maoist camp ?
Along with anti-death penalty advocacy, why has there been a shortage in drugs for lethal injections in the United States?
What is a distinct trait of Synapsids?
what instruments are played in royals by lorde
area of france where the allied invasion force landed
who plays the voice of the dad in moana
What dialect of Dutch is spoken in Drenthe?
Which name did Russia take after the fall of the Soviet Union?
Where goes Tottenham?
What percentage of men delay their BYU enrollment to serve as a Mormon missionary?
What is the  strait's narrowest point?
What caused a large migration of Greek refuges in the 1450s?
Who succeeded Tony Snow?
In which year were the "To Secure These Rights" findings published?
Who discovered Australia in 1606?
What is arguably the most important crop in the world?
who won the universal title at royal rumble 2018
What area of Southampton holds a Ford assembly plant?
How many remain critically injured?
Who met with japanese police?
What did both the majority and dissenting opinions reiterate?
What was the population of Israel in 2016?
what movie is the song as time goes by from
who wrote the song words by the bee gees
What do explorers come packed with?
Why has copyright infringement increased recently?
who  reportedly detained?
what is the purpose of a bed skirt
who plays robot on the new lost in space
who is playing the half time super bowl 2018
What makes up the sociological parts of culture according to Simmel?
what is the date for this year 's wrestlemania
what was high interst
What can the main character do?
In which year was the Arms and Ammunitions (Amemndment) Bill adopted?
When did Jackson and Rowe meet?
who sings every little thing 's gon na be alright
What percentage of their day do birds groom their feathers?
Who did she succeed?
Where was the torch relay event held in South Korea?
What are the consequences of transfer between different species of bacteria?
where do the north and south platte rivers meet
what is age of sean forbes?
Where did competitors come from to take part in the tournament?
When are events usually shown as they appeared on the Julian calendar?
What was the goal of this operation?
when was the big 5 personality test created
What was 20 year old man arrested for?
how can we classified the geographical location of liberia
How which calendar did some countries notate the date?
What level is most of the land in florida 
Who has the worst election night?
when does mary jane find out peter parker is spider man
what is he charged with?
What is a very significant part of Seattle's weather system?
How many people will be in it?
What democratic principles were followed by the Plymouth Colony?
Outside of employment, what is the other main issue that affirmative action focuses on?
When did the volcano last erupt?
where is the guy who plays calvin on 227
What is the tilt of the Earth that causes solar time to change called?
who has been on the wanted list the longest
world's greatest living scientist?
how many ford gts are in the world
Which colony allowed Britain to control the Atlantic entry and exit point to the Mediterranean?
who plays the twins on the show quantico
what was in 1992
who wrote do n 't let the sun go down
What is the owner called?
When was the assertion that the flat canvas supported Cubism put into debate?
who was in vietnam
What did the Constitution of Massachusetts express no one would be restrained from doing?
Along with critical dimension and depth, what can the infrared light reflectance be used to determine in regard to high aspect ratio trench structures?
grand celebration that takes place about fifteen days after the day of the chinese new year
In what year was there a conference for organized crime figures in Atlantic City?
how many games have the oakland a 's won this season
why does mlb have so many draft rounds
what country is urging love tests?
According to the Constitution, what is superior to the rules of man?
where is the state of the union in the constitution
What type of pigment is dissolved in annelids' blood?
What year were Dell's PC profits shrinking?
when was the bomb dropped on hiroshima and nagasaki
What state is mentioned?
where is so you think you can dance held
who played lina lamont in singing in the rain
preamble of india is amended how many times
When was Everton admitted as a member of the Premier League?
how many seats pti won in 2018 elections
What tests will customs agents perform to determine the alcohol content of imported spirits?
Name of the skipper?
What is linked to downtown Charleston by the bridge?
What does the DJ say?
What did The Sun neglect to report concerning the upcoming election?
How many Windows 8 editions are there?
what is the name of the green building in dallas
who said i would rather have a medal of honor than be president
when did my little pony friendship is magic come out
Did Eunice have any children?
When did MCA remove the hyphen from the name Disco-Vision?
What saves millions on prosecution of users?
Character simplification predated the republic's formation in what year?
By which year, did New York City become the largest city in the United States?
Along with the Angles and Saxons, what tribe spoke Anglo-Frisian?
What marked the first occurence of anti-Manchu feeling?
what have forty four states done
when was i know why the caged bird sings poem written
Between 1941 and 1946, which left-wing British historian was Assistant Editor for The Times?
What was formed on the 1st October 2007?
Who was described at the prophetic deity of the Delphic Oracle?
Who's sons were killed?
How old was the child in this article?
Landings were made on the beaches of what island on December 15, 1944?
who plays brian finch 's father on limitless
What has the NTSB conducted to find the cause of pilot fatigue?
What does one student recall hearing?
What is a WISP? 
What is the name if the Saudi King?
Who was elected to be Chairman in May?
Whose modified proposal was adopted?
Which German politician defended comprehensive schools?
when did the flyers come into the nhl
how much above sea level is houston tx
What is the name of the NFL player that died?
What German word is also suggestive deriving from  szlachta?
who sings god must have spent a little more time on you
what year was it said the first island landing was made?
This storyline takes place alternate from what storyline?
Who was arrested early Sunday morning?
What did the results spoil?
where is the champions league cup final being held
when did half pennies go out of use
What band was Vince Neil a part of?
who plays the reporter in parks and recreation
Where were the FBI agents who received improper payments?
What was Albania's largest foreign investor in 2013?
what is a retarder on a semi truck
The mosaic found in 1966 depicts who as the central figure?
On what is the  choice of Sotomayor based?
What is the name of the victim?
What time must he stay home?
How many people have been injured since friday?
When was "Rumble" released?
What are we saving the Gulf Coast from?
Who was trying to get Americans released?
what did they test dibetes with ?
when is now thats what i call music 97 coming out
What does the economy consist of on the rim of the mountains?
How many members does the OECD have?
who said  he felt hurt by the widespread criticism?
when was billy don be a hero released
On a state level the city is part of which district number?
ignorance of the law excuses no one in latin
What two types of testing are involved with combinatorial testing as mentioned here?
Who is the Flag Bridge area of the ship designated for?
where does the rope go on a bull
What did the original charter of the Province of East Jersey restrict membership in its Assembly to?
Who was killed in roadside bomb attack in Baghdad's Mansour district?
How many people are missing because of the typhoon?
when is next maze runner movie coming out
What period in the 19th century were historians more inclined to draw on the judgements of the chroniclers?
What is the theme at Tuesday's  GOP convention?
what is the purpose of a message to garcia
Who collected the objects as they piled up
What did thieves swipe?
Along with German and English, what standardized West Germanic language is similar to Dutch?
What year was the Republic of Estonia established?
What could generate black holes?
where is the cherry blossom festival held in japan
where do light dependent reactions of photosynthesis take place
Where are the large Martkirche located?
What did Garriott say was the toughest part?
Where is the Ark of the Covenant believed to be resting?
From when is he the CEO of BHP Billiton?
What is the pub with the longest name in the UK?
When was ASCII first commercially used?
how many sailors survived the sinking of the uss indianapolis
how many episodes in adventure time season 7
What hurt pubs?
Many records showed what?
cast of just the way you are bruno mars
what is the age limit for ies exam
Number of passengers hospitalized after accident?
What observations Republicans has about his resignation?
where do you go to get a facial
Melbourne is the world's most liveable city according to whom?
What did the Pentagon survivor recall?
What Police said about damage and injuries at protests?
When were the mass killings?
when was the last super bowl the raiders won
What could be emotional high point from a gig in 2000?
who represented austria at the congress of vienna
where was the pillars of the earth filmed
What did the former Duchy of Prussia become known as?
the longest wavelengths in the visible spectrum are
How did Austrian Marshall Daun reverse the situation at Prague?
what were the 3 estates of the french revolution
When was the invasion of the Parthian Empire begun?
What happened to Chambers?
back to the future part 2 marty 's mom
when was the women 's right to vote passed
What year was the Lexicon Technicum published?
who has the most tag team championships in wwe
Why isn't unalloyed zinc used in construction applications?
What is the Egyptian Arabic name for Egypt?
in the nba who has the most championships
What was the name of the plane?
what is the meaning of alu in computer
What problem arises for fast and large capacity elevators?
how many men have been arrested on charges of supporting terrorism?
when did michael jordan get drafted to the bulls
Where was water found?
What kind of profession did Shipman have?
who is the mayor of san francisco california
Kissinger thought the US  should meet with Iran without what?
What the US ambassador say about this?
when did wireless charging come out for samsung
What did he make appear?
how many countries qualify for the world cup in europe
In 1842 where did Chopin and Sand move?
who does the voice for smokey the bear
How many years before Eisenhower's command had a non-Briton commanded Gibraltar?
What type of brushes are cheapest?
what sport do they play?
Where was Jaycee Dugard locked in?
where does the blueridge parkway start and end
Dinic gives several alternate identities of what person?
Where did he work before becoming a chef?
When were they closed?
the timber culture act gave land to settlers who
where did the star of life come from
What was the average number of public employees per every thousand inhabitants for the European Union in 2005?
when is closing ceremony of winter olympic 2018
when are more episodes of troll hunters coming out
Mount Damavand is located in what range?
What clothes the girl wore the day I disappeared?
What age are they referring to?
where does implantation of the fertilized ovum usually occur
Name one other contestant scheduled to appear on this season of DWTS.
how many broke out?
when does the week start sunday or monday
where was i have a dream speech held
How much more thicker is the dermis to the epidermis?
who sings feel like making love to you
where is the next world cup soccer being held
where does the state rank in diabetes and high blood pressure?
When did he get it?
What do the President and Supreme Court justices vow to uphold?
what are the 2 types of vascular tissue
How long has the crown been closed?
who remove his public work?
when does new ap football poll come out
Why did pritz klein come up with the KSOG?
who 's the lead singer of drowning pool
what is the setting of the hitchhiker 's guide to the galaxy
who wrote whitney houston song i look to you
when was the 48 laws of power written
What does internal memo say?
Where was the quake?
where is ellis island located in new york
What principle did the restrictions on the right of kings, as detailed in Deuteronomy, influence later opposition?
What remains unclear?
What does the scope of testing the software also look at?
How many people were without water and electricity?
What position in the army did he become after office school?
Where did they meet?
who won im a celebrity get me out of here 2017
What number of women rejected the insanity defense?
What showed the importance of Utrecht
What is Marshall's age?
What is the current death toll?
What happens in many cases when a word starts with an 's'?
who plays the voice of the fairy godmother in shrek 2
When did popular representations of John begin to emerge?
What do the explorers have?
Who takes CNN on a tour of Cairo?
who does rumpelstiltskin love in once upon a time
What is the payout of the lottery?
What town has a  hotel has an Airstream trailer park on the roof?
This form of combat arts originated where?
which country is he from
Who won the award?
What kind of fibers are in the latewood of good oak, making it very firm?
What is the name of his biography?
what is the most popular holiday in america
who sings i wan na be like you jungle book 2016
what has replaced the drum kit in studio work
who was the first african american appointed to supreme court
What will be global population size in two years?
when did tv go from analog to digital
what season of the voice was miley cyrus on
What happens to a digimon after they evolve?
When did Ptolemy declare himself King Ptolemy I?
Which company has donated four ground-based robots to help with recovery efforts?
Who's body was found?
what Death toll could reach 50,000, according to?
What was a significant contributor to the human food supply?
What is the predominant religion of Switzerland?
What kind of bombs were hurled?
Why was tin was rarely used for everyday use?
who is the presiding officer in the house
How many days a week does the city encourage people to go without a car?
when did the star wars ride open at disneyland
Where are members of the 442nd RCT are being honored?
who is mr jones in counting crows song
Tourists from where added 30 runs?
who was set up
How many units are being deployed?
Between New York City and what city is the Hudson River an estuary?
What are the implications for third world countries with regards to child labour?
What were ancient Somali houses made out of?
Which bid has a urinary bladder or external urethral opening?
Who is excluded from Freemasonry?
After fleeing to a construction site, how was Gaddafi injured?
What are Gurkhas?
individuals who come to the us seeking asylum are known as
where is a curfew established?
when was i am a child of god written
How many people are employed at AP-HP?
Who retained player of the year?
What has burdened some schools?
When do some people believe that lasers can play a more prominent role in air defence?
What did the judge said?
What is the captain's name?
who won nashville star when miranda lambert was on
What did Darwin learn about about the characteristics of domestic animals?
When did Yang take over as CEO?
The CLIPSAS Organization was formed in what year?
who was involved in the washington naval conference
what tested positive for explosives?
who is alaska governor?
what is the purpose of a vent in a plumbing system
where did the cherokee trail of tears start
when did governor general 's rule end in india
where can the velvet cow killer ant be found
What was established as a private airline
who is the oldest human that ever lived
Which two influential periodicals  were closely associated with London coffee house culture and were sold from 1909 to 1714? 
Who is missing on flight from Japan to US
when did toronto maple leafs last win the stanley cup
What coordinates with all Israeli space research programs?
Who is the author of "About a Boy"?
where does the story of aladdin take place
How does this help the system?
Name one of the poetic authors who was also nominated for the Nobel Peace Award from the Greeks ?
what is the longest river in britain called
Who did the the Chinese Ming dynasty fall to?
how many states of matter are often found on earth
Why are Arabic translation efforts important to Western translation traditions?
What church was widespread across Europe at this time?
where does the appalachian trail start and finish
who elected senators under the provisions of the constitution as originally ratified
who is the mean lady in the wizard of oz
who owns ringling brothers and barnum & bailey circus
Where will his powers be transferred?
Which seasons did contestants have to write an original lyric or melody?
What is Norfolk Island's Internet country code top-level domain?
How many people were killed in total?
which metal is used as a thin film on sweets
What is the grandmother of Jahessye wanting?
Who plays football?
What system does he want to improve?
where did the bunny come from for easter
what was the capital of the maurya empire
What were credits given to European governments disguised as?
What period saw the rise of the Septuagint?
What elements of language make for poetic literature?
What type of threats did Thomas receive?
What age is the suspect?
when open sands vegas?
How many Israelis were killed?
who sang hot town summer in the city
What happened at Minden in 1757?
At what places where the interrogations?
when was the new international version bible published
In what regions concepts was the Ottoman economic system based on?
in attack on titan who is the female titan
When are they closed?
who has the most second followers on instagram
What is his best known hit?
what happened to the victim
who lived the longest life in the bible
what are the five largest cities in the north american region
In 1876 Victoria held what title?
Where is the start of data on a CD?
What has the Thai Government said?
who played nixon in days of future past
What type of bear does Montana have the highest population of?
How much does it cost to rent the yacht?
Who investigated the agreement between the Premier League and Sky in 2002?
when does beth die on the walking dead
How much rain fell in some areas of Washington state?
Bell used his own design in all public demonstrations and what?
Who was the first American Idol contestant to return to the show as a mentor?
Who offered a bird for sale for $1,500?
what are the up and down bits on a castle called
Myanmar's Supreme Court rejects appeal from who ?
What court in South Africa has authority over the SCA?
What did the mayor spark?
Who has early onset Alzheimers?
How many drugs are used to administer lethal injection?
What will users see
Why were alternative energy sources judged uneconomical in 2001?
what was the sequel to gone with the wind
Chorion is another word for what?
who sings theme song for one tree hill
What does former baseball star plead?
tears in heaven was a hit song for which celebrated rock musician
nightwish i wish i had an angel album
who is operating this
what is the basic purpose of the constitution
When was the sold-out concerts scheduled to start?
when did the first fifty shades of grey book come out
What is the major economic activity near Antarctica?
who do you pay to cross the river styx
Who died in hospital?
where is all the money stored in a bank
What shape is chromosome of bacteria?
What were the wave heights during Cyclone Pam on Tuvalu?
who is never ever getting back together about
what 's the baby 's name in incredibles
Why were black and white pieces used in most italian mosaics?
On what date in 2006 did Calderon take office?
When did Haarde resign?
where do the nerves that control the diaphragm exit the cns
What are the Hebrew scriptures called?
who was covered executions in texas?
On which island in Tuvalu is the hospital?
what was the name of last week 's walking dead episode
who wrote all my ex 's live in texas
who did ohio state play in the 2014 national championship
who has worked as safety consultant with NYC?
nba record for most blocks in a game
What is the major difficulty faced in using poultry to cultivate vaccines?
One of Sony's streaming services is the PlayStation Vue; what's the other one called?
who is sasha on dancing with the stars engaged to
What is Atkin's Hall?
what is the voice translation of the bible
What was stripped of powers?
What is happening to Zimbabwe's inflation rate?
When does the system become mandatory?
linkin park leave out all the rest song meaning
where does the imperial valley get almost all of its water
what did congolese wildlife authority officers find hidden in a bag?
how old were kriss kross when they made jump
Does he pat himself on the back?
How long is sweet wort boiled for after sparging?
What did Mir Hossein Mousavi create for his campaign?
list of chapters in a book is called
What remains unclear after Jackson's death?
Who lost the appeal?
In the last 50-60 years, have more or less Ashkenazi Jews intermarried with people outside of their community?
When did the South Bronx lose quality of life?
when did you belong to me come out
Which Google affiliated website did the National Archives decide to use in 2009?
Which towns in Thuringia are known as mining towns?
In which month did Natalie Cole begin dialysis?
who is the only super bowl mvp from a losing team
who sang too many fish in the sea
What is the name if the band that has Chris Daughtry as its lead singer?
What did the courts lift?
Who helped repress the supporters of the Constitution and was later executed for it?
acromegly is a disorder due to chronically high levels of
What transformed a large part of the world in the 19th century?
what did virginia ruling give vermon court?
Who is the WTA chief?
What choir did Beyoncé sing in for two years?
What acoustic element could be distorted by different audio settings in iPods prior to 2007?
who wrote the music for ladies in lavender
What congressman said "no one is too big to fail"?
Who is Lebanon's justice minister?
what kind of beer is bud light lime
when did the 12 valve cummins come out
when did the first person to climb mount everest
What did officials say the death toll could rise to?
who has the most sec championships in basketball
How much rainfall did Karachi have?
What did brazils highest court say?
Wat was the purpose of the Patriarch when they were sent north?
when did the use of plastic become popular
artist responsible for spreading the influence of the italian baroque style
How many magazines can call NYC home?
What were the three offshoots of Cubism formed in France?
What fell on a nursing home?
Who says they are not shown enough respect by media?
who played brad carlton on young and the restless
Does anyone oppose this rule
The Ballroom replaced which other room in terms of importance and use?
who set fire to the white house in 1812
who was the first person to climb mount fuji
Where has cross-border policing been most under-studied?
who traveled from Europe to the US?
what is the loft of a standard sand wedge
What did he say about this?
How much will it cost to bring a second bag?
What was the name of the case which drew national spotlight?
When was Chine's network security and information technology leadership team established?
What Samoan choreographer founded Black Grace?
who is signed to ed sheerans record label
who got first pick in nfl draft 2017
what was the purpose of the reconstruction amendments apex
welcome back welcome back welcome back theme song
who began the mass printing of bibles five centuries ago
Where was the Foreign Ministers conference held?
how many episodes will be in wynonna earp season 2
What ind of charge does hydrogen take when mixed with electronegative particles?
when did season 1 of supernatural come out
what bones produce red blood cells in adults
who did the allies signed a truce with in 1918
What did the Taylor Report find?
Where did the ship slammed into?
What path is described as being built upon the motivation to liberate all living beings?
What was Dr. King's speech called?
who stars in the movie fifty shades freed
where are flanks located on the human body
Which entity did Notre Dame hire to build a parking structure outside of Eddy Street Commons?
who says i 'm lovin it for mcdonalds
When do most species of chicks leave the nest?
In what year did Chopin become a French citizen?
Which Quranic verse describes Moses' encounter with God at the mountain?
Who accused of extortion?
during the english civil war those who supported the monarch were called
who wrote my kinda party by jason aldean
where did the name alter bridge come from
when did the 5d mark iv come out
Where did the plane catch fire
how many episodes of x files season 10
What is the name of the mysterious creature that assists Link?
where do you kiss the blarney stone in ireland
who is the song what goes around about
Who was forced to go to a shelter with her boys?
What was John's only remaining possession on the Continent?
When did England annex the island of Jamaica from the Spanish?
Spectre passed which movie to become the highest grossing IMAX release in the UK?
Who filed a lawsuit?
What will happen to the National 9/11 Flag which was damaged?
Who were arrested?
who sings i want you to love me
Who said the situation is being exaggerated?
the original design of the controller was what shape?
when was why am i always the bridesmaid written
which place is called roof of the world
who made five nights at freddy 's sister location
Were onlookers asked to leave?
When did the Tehcir Law come to fruition?
which mode of transport is used for travelling to moon
when does minimum wage go up in ab
Until what day is the Quran believed to be in effect?
who sang there 's a moon out tonight
what is the purpose of an ice bath in chemistry
What effect is their alleged drug use having?
In addition to physical attacks, what other kind of assault do Southampton's students commit against staff more than anywhere else in the country?
What developed the atomic bomb?
what is the name of the currency used in togo
who sings take me out to the ball game
Who will give tribute to Jackson?
What did the police say about the driver?
Where will videos of the trial be posted?
What did Pirillo say?
when did halloween become a holiday in the us
when do you call a baby a toddler
where did get the hell outta dodge come from
What are cadre parties?
How much of an investment will change the world?
when did the us start saying the pledge of allegiance
What do Latinos disapprove?
Where did Fritzl's daughter remain while he was in Thailand?
Who said the Crucifixion of Jesus is firmly established.
what season is cardi b on love and hip hop
which batsman has the highest average score in test match
How many Romans lived in Mithridate the Great's kingdom in 88 BC?
What is occurring in Jakarta?
Who represents the 8th district?
What should the law require?
who won usa vs the world anw 2018
What languages does Gadahn speak?
What is another university in the triangle?
Who is the mayor of Standish?
who won the indiana state fair band contest
What did the skipper take advantage of?
what does motion plus do on wii controller
how many arch angels are in the bible
Where was Lohan send to do community service?
what are the dimensions of a 55 gallon plastic drum
who presided over the first meeting of indian constituent assembly
who made the song i 'll be good to you
who sang hello hello who 's your lady friend
When does the table of rule sets the Windows operating system uses have to be updated?
who won first womens money in the bank
Who could receive sentence of life in prison if convicted?
What part of KU serves students learning about government?
who played phoebe 's husband mike on friends
What is BYU's ranking in colleges with the most freshman Merit Scholars?
Where is the North Hills Shopping center?
Who was President Obama speaking to?
who wrote ball and chain by social distortion
Where do bar-tailed godwits migrate from
where are the largest number of polar bears found
What did authorities order?
who sang the original leaving on a jet plane
3 . in the mahabharata who was the eldest of all the pandavas
where do flys lay eggs in a house
what is it called when you are in a relationship with yourself
In what year was Eisenhower involved in an incident while flying?
what is brandon 's last name in dork diaries
What is the UK's Prison Service sought?
What body was overthrown by the October Revolution?
when is the last time the usa missed the world cup
when was capital shifted from kolkata to delhi
Where are the Neolithic graveyards?
Who is the greatest tenor of his time?
who have inspired vampires?
what is the population of pawleys island sc
When did Protestantism begin to split?
Who is the most well know kef artist?
who wrote how sweet it is to be loved by you lyrics
What does Bermuda use the consumption tax for?
who had translated the bengali play neel darpan into english
when does people 's sexiest man alive come out
Where did King Abdullah appear?
Who was among the protesters?
What struck Colonial Heights?
what does the logo on the minnesota twins hat stand for
What was the cub's name?
Was Jose Zelaya ousted?
Who deployed ground forces?
Who lost by obstructionism?
When was El Corte Ingles established? 
Where is the Grand Prix?
which group gained their first recording contract after appearing at monterey
who do all the swans in england belong to
What does the deal include?
what does the suffix ic mean in croatian
How old was Amanda Todd when she took her own life because of bullying?
what is the mouth of truth in rome
what are the most populated countries in asia
Who seeks help identifying man on video?
What did Pat Wright rush into?
Was the Latin word for poultry also used to decribe other small animals as opposed to any poulty?
who is the original singer of dancing on my own
how many episodes in season 3 of red oaks
where was the snake found
What is the nature of the different versions of a treaty executed in multiple languages?
In how many states are collectors not allowed to rat out taxpayers?
who is the statue of liberty based on
when does the seal team come on tv
What European country is a leader in providing VRS services to its citizens?
when did the london bridge moved to arizona
Who was the first computer worm traced back to?
Who posts the links
how many stores does walmart have in canada
When will Netflix announce the winner of its $1 million prize?
Which basic services haven't been restored?
What was texas rangers record?
cast of the movie by the light of the silvery moon
What is the number of people who were killed?
What is synthetic crude oil usually called?
what are the colors of alpha chi omega
where is the hole that punxsutawney phil comes out of located
who won the british golf open in 1963
Do athletes use apparatuses in the international AGG competitions?
the overture of don giovanni is in what form
who plays arizona robbins on grey 's anatomy
who is the patron saint for lost causes
How many words a day did Victoria write?
What did the Vijayanagara Empire promote to unify Indian culture?
What is the highest pay grade in the USAF?
What will sink under rising sea levels?
what is the meaning of the name denise
Where was she held?
in back to the future part ii marty and dr. emmett brown go to which future date
What destroyed nearly all the rice crops?
How many countries have signed the Worst Forms Convention 183 (C182)?
Which country survived after '04 revolt with aid?
how many states play in the mega millions lottery
what is the date of the autumnal equinox
What is commonly seen in the Greek language that is not a constant ?
Who stars in Angels and Demons?
who becomes president if the president is impeached and removed from office
who won the confederate war north or south
Who grew up in poverty?
What have been used to further the anti-meat cause?
Who are they sending condoms to?
What age was the woman who feared her husband would leave her for younger women?
when did india won first world cup in cricket
Are religious those who abuse minors?
When were the troops supposed to withdraw?
where is the movie winter 's bone located
kareem abdul jabbar most points in a single game
What is the name of the Dutch midfielder?
For how many years is a Swazi student in junior secondary school?
Brinkmann is a native of which country?
when were mosaic pavements uncovered at the Bizere Monastery?
when was the first world trade center built
who was the first governor general of east india company in bengal
what was the disorder
Knighthood is given by being dubbed with what object?
who does robb marry in game of thrones
When is Brasilia's rainy season?
who does the voice of the aflac duck
What does the squirrel share its habitat with?
Who is a Brazilian midfielder?
who plays young shawn in season 5 of psych
who has won the 2017 formula 1 abu dhabi grand prix tournament
who has being  complaining that Shell was polluting land
when do new episodes of impractical jokers start
when will look what you made me do video come out
What show did Hudson first appear on?
Sex and the what?
athens greece was named after which greek god
where did latavius murray go to high school
When did David Letterman made a joke about Sarah Palin´s daugther?
When was the first browser created?
What are Jehovah Witnesses taught association with worldly people presents to their faith?
What is the number one car?
What does the bel and decibel measure?
What is her purpose?
what offers clues to Obama's leadership style
Where are the tornadoes that were reported?
What were they arrested for?
When was a surrogate character mechanism implemented in Unicode 2.0?
during this time the relationship change between Britian and the EIC. the EIC became more of a what to the crown??
What are the most common rocks found in West Antarctica?
What Arsenal manager replaced Mee?
What types of geese are used for human consumption?
original cast of lost in space tv series
How much income does the Premier League generate per year in worldwide television rights?
healthy mind lives in healthy body who said
What is another name for magister?
What 2 critics suggested the game had blurry textures and low resolution?
Who did he allegedly attack?
What is the name of the military base in New York City?
when was the last time america declared war
who hit four goals?
What does Link discover he needs to find to return to human form?
friends episode with the turkey on the head
What type of Captain was Henry Every?
In what fields has Dibben published two books and other papers?
What archdiocese was Valencia under during the time of the Visigoths?
Who is breakthrough pain common among?
Who said "Proof is in the pudding?"
When will the shot be available?
Who is conducting the vaccination campaign?
What will make the task harder?
Who wanted to bring girlfriend
who played keyboard on the beatles rooftop concert
What film subverted the macho Aussie stereotype?
what were the main areas of axial age thinking in eurasia
where is the 7 mile bridge located in florida
Who was returned to his family
What did the firemen do?
Which company has struggled with financial and image crises?
In what year did Emperor Wu begin a series of attacks in Xiongnu territories?
where do venus flytraps grow in north carolina
How many crew members endured a night without power?
where did the detroit pistons play last year
What airfield operates in Kwajalein?
who are the guys on pod save america
Who won three straight matches in a tournament?
What is Madonna's real name?
What do forecasters say about U.S. temperatures?
What company are the pilots striking against?
What year was the Teatro Solis inaugurated? 
Which are the safest places to inter an older copy of the Quran?
who uses the metric system in the us
Who kept watch over Jesus?
where does skyler go in good will hunting
Muslims accounted for what amount of the population of the Empire in the 1820s?
What number indicates the minimum score for a country to be considered a "high development" country?
who does ted mosby end up with in how i met your mother
what season and episode does derek die in greys anatomy
Country where Holloway disappeared?
For how long has Somalia had connections to the Arab world?
where do the flowers go after the rose parade
How much of Detroit's population is Black?
Who contracted cancer?
What bodies of water can be found separating different developed areas of the city?
why do cows have bells around their neck
who represented russia at the congress of vienna
What was two thirds of his salary?
what was the magnitude of two of the quakes
keeping up with the kardashians season 15 episode 1 air date
what did the man do?
what were the original color of m&m 's
At what prison did extrajudicial executions occur according to HRW?
who was james west in the wild wild west
When did the Helicopter hit the mountain?
Who did Goring refuse to work with in 1940 and 1941?
when were the pokémon playing cards first released by the pokémon company
when was great wolf lodge built in niagara falls
Where will the progress "likely be slower"?
Which decade did massive job losses happen in NYC due to industrial issues?
congress passed the civil rights act of 1964 under its power to
who plays zack in saved by the bell
Who have conditions worsened for according to Amnesty International?
Fictional placements within this setting are modeled off what?
what kind of corn is used to make corn nuts
When was the German Empire founded?
where was the photo of the beatles crossing the road taken
who did pep guardiola manage before man city
Who did police detain?
when does lord stark die in game of thrones
what did the rebels do
What store was the largest department store in the world in 2010?
Who is detained in the military camp?
who is playing in this year 's stanley cup
What is a tiered system? 
where does the prime minister of india hoist the flag on 15 august
What does the Stefan-Boltzmann law state?
What contributed to the deaths of the U.S. victims?
What is the name of Katie Holme's daughter?
Kings were depicted as hunting what big game from a chariot?
how many inches of rain fell in houston during tropical storm allison
How are gramophones best stored?
where was the last european football championship held
what is it called when you die and come back
what is the name of blackbeard 's ship in pirates of the caribbean
Which organization stamps coins?
who played steve on days of our lives
when was love story by taylor swift written
when did this happen
Who called the charges an excuse to extend her house arrest?
the names of the main characters in hawaii 5-0
Who has free hiking permits?
Why does a third of the population spend time at sea?
what was faked?
look what you made me do vevo record
how many members represent j&k in lok sabha
when was the olympics held in los angeles
What did Nasser not want to have in Egypt?
Where was Nigeria's fourth satellite launched?
What ethic group grew in the 20th century?
who plays andy 's dad in the office
How many times has the team from the University of Kansas appeared in the Orange Bowl?
What did he do to her
What did Prime Minister Salam Fayyad do?
who played the ringo kid in the original stagecoach film
What are the most used labels in America to describe homosexuals?
when will the new warriors stadium be built
What film did Kelly Clarkson and Justin Guarini star in after they were on American Idol?
what Four men in custody; police executing search warrants?
Who offered many Africans a chance to study in their country?
boku wa tomodachi ga sukunai next who does kodaka end up with
what is the capacity of earls court in london
Where are Janjevci located?
when do the mikaelsons appear in the vampire diaries
What cabin has leather seats and double beds?
Name of the Brazilian attacking midfielder?
What kind of items were seized?
Does Islam forbid the taking of human life?
what years have leinster won the heineken cup
when was the name changed from bombay to mumbai
who plays ashley in secret life of the american teenager
when was the eagle globe and anchor adopted
Who re-translated the Reflections into French?
who sang the song d i s c o
who plays denise on the big bang theory
where is the arizona iced tea company located
What is partly owned by Qantas Airlines?
Was France's 819 line system in color?
Who  issued arrest warrant over Darfur campaign ?
When were Slavic languages recognized as Indo-European?
who was the guy who shot up the movie theater
who scored fastest century for rr in ipl history
when did the nba start best of 7
Who did Brandenburg work with in music compression?
cristiano ronaldo transfer from manchester united to real madrid
What does NIH promote?
What former Soviet Union continued child labour programs?
an example of a neologism from the internet is
Who is the largest employer in the city?
what is the latest pixar film
Technology and what are tools people must use?
What was  issued Sunday for central Kentucky and south central Indiana?
what Deaths include 32 in Tennessee?
What was the first object to enter space?
How has Canada's government kept up with the changing forms of NPOs?
What film by James Cameron is slated for release in 2009?
who made it to the super bowl 2017
What is the name of a Japanese wrestling company?
What does a new study offer?
who plays the mother on man with a plan
What trouble can interference cause?
when did the speed limit change from 55 to 70 in texas
what powers are held by both state and federal governments
what island is lord of the flies on
who plays oliver in how to get away
what is the museum in night at the museum
What was the purpose of editing the dispatch?
who will use capes embroidered with the words 'gay up"?
where did the black death first hit england
In what types of countries is the rule of law important to the economy?
where is this located?
Who was reported missing?
What year did HNIC begin being broadcasted on CBC?
when was the apparition of our lady of guadalupe approved
What prompted the two countries hold off on military training?
Can you name what this operation was called
What was Natalie Portman praised for?
What did Haggard say about his homosexual temptations?
who played mark twain in the ridiculous 6
Who did Anglophone colonies democratically glorify hunting for?
What style is the octagonal chapter house?
What causes the government to exert greater control over broadcast media than print media?
Which parts of the Quran are the least poetic?
What are rebel forces in Tripoli waiting for?
How do differences in works arise when using a printing press?
How must God have treated those who are qualified to know Quranic sectets?
What did Sony's U.S. president call recent outage?
How much increase in population has the inner Seattle city had since 1990?
what was celebrated?
What was the score in the Sevilla vs Atletico Madrid match
What was the total capacity of solar hot water systems in 2007 in gigawatts?
What is the name of the General?
Which person is the memorial for?
When did the judges use their save this season?
What is Apple promising?
what did  the former Columbia University colleague say about her
What age did Disney die at?
When are Jehovah Witnesses advised to discontinue Bibles studies with students?
What was the charter fee?
Why was Neuman rejected from joining US Army?
most points scored by a team in a nba game
What was Ronald Cummings arrested for?
how many american casualties in the battle of midway
where is the prison
Daniel McAllister charged with arson?
Who won the CNN Hero award?
where is the show mom supposed to take place
What do a majority of people in the Northeast approve of?
when was the genocide
nothing more the stories we tell ourselves release date
What is the number of dead?
What does Geschichte des Hellenismus mean?
What company does Thomas Howes  work for?
When will Andrea Agneli become the new president of Juventus?
that day X FACTOR was released?
how is the head of the church of england
what is the role of department of education
What is the number of suspected cases?
why baguio is the summer capital of the philippines
When was the the fort of Yuecheng built?
What is the mosquito?
What body proposed that Plymouth become a unitary council?
What form of literature enjoyed the most widespread popularity during the Middle Ages?
who plays the voice of roger on american dad
For what purpose was Funafuti used during the Pacific War? 
How have Arsenal players portrayed in media?
How much money did the film "Jaws" gross worldwide?
At what age did the sister of President Kennedy die?
who released them
When did the AFL development league begin?
Who wrote 'Ideals of the Samurai'?
who reached last eight of ATP tournament?
What nationality is Bjork?
how did the u.s. rocky mountains come to look the way they do today
Who runs the Welsh Assembly?
What rating would the AMAA like for films that portray smoking?
who has won the most big 12 championships in football
What did Zurich, Debrecen, and Maccabi Haifa get closer to?
What did Apple unveil?
What is banned while driving?
Where is there unrest?
nba most points in game by a player
how many episodes are in the final season of the originals
who did england play when they won the world cup
What immigrant groups were the most prevalent in the Bronx?
What was his time in the event?
What are bounds volumes of comics called in America?
What are being threatened with cuts
who has been appointed as the 45th chief justice of india
What connection do people see?
who plays the soccer coach in bad moms
What park has floating gardens?
How long after the excavation was the discovery made?
In which state did the massacres occur?
who played brenda sue on little house on the prairie
How many cities to the family visit each year?
what was the first movie release to use sensurround
Who did Chopin play for while she sang?
Do Earth's lakes or glaciers hold the most freshwater?
where is let 's make a deal filmed at
What was the inspirations from?
who played felix unger in the odd couple
where was Dr. Jorge Mario Gonzalez found shot to death?
Who are descendents of various culturally distinct groups?
who won silver medal in olympics 2016 from india
Who designed the Gold State Coach?
cast of the movie when the bough breaks
Who has a big MySpace presence?
Where are fights being staged?
Where did Ferdinand go rather than Madrid?
The water pump supplied water pressure to a plunger located where?
What is another name for canon law?
What was Namibia previously called?
who 's leading in the world series 2017
Where was ENIAC located?
What is he accused of?
when did the air raids started in ww2
How much did a LD cost in Hong Kong in the 1990s?
What did Cork Campus Radio change to?
Who traveled with Greenpeace?
How do Jehovah's Witnesses see themselves in regards to the power structure of the church?
how many arrested
What causes the color of hematite and red ochre?
what is the term for supreme court judges
In 2005, The Times dropped the practice of printing what kind of feature of its correspondents?
which group has had the most supreme court justices
What can people owning both a PC and 360 do?
What type of bridge originated in China?
What does China mean?
when can residents return home?
who is the hero of film main aur charles
What does Henley claim?
in the arms of EIC what was the lion holding in his forepaws
Which team reached Euro 2008 finals after the result in Glasgow?
What did Palestinians do?
What was the score for the Argentina VS Bolivia qualifier in the 2010 World Cup?
who does otto 's voice on the simpsons
where did what 's up doc come from
What are the questions that remain?
Who wrote the 'Interstellar' script?
how did governor of texas get in a wheelchair
To what does Casas Grandes translate in English?
How much could the death toll reach?
How many years ago was Tennessee first inhabited by humans?
what landforms are found mostly in the southern part of indiana
Whose films did he appear in?
when was the death penalty reinstated in texas
how many episodes is there in star trek discovery
A temporary what was granted last week about the fottage
East Africa is facing what?
why is it necessary to control variables in an experiment
who played shelby 's husband in steel magnolias
who sang hey there little red riding hood
who was the first governor of the state of missouri
what 's the tallest building in nashville tennessee
What do some electric traction systems provide?
which group is responsible for adopting the declaration of independence
What producer was involved in the founding of United World Pictures?
Where did the Taliban attack?
why do we add boiling chips to the mixture in the flask during distillation
Who was killed in northern Baghdad?
who played lal on star trek the next generation
Where does Mac harware boot directly to in most PowerPC-based Macs?
What is Bell most famous for inventing?
when does the latest pirates of the caribbean come out
where did the western and eastern lines of railroad finally meet
What hunters require a hunting license in all states?
when was only fools and horses first shown
What percentage of species is estimated to be extinct?
What do Brits leap to defend?
Which island is home to the Fire academy in NYC?
How many did the Pakistani security kill?
when did the glock gen 3 come out
name of the 23rd tirthankar of jainisms in india
What is the title of one of Sean Kingston's hits?
How many Grammies has Beyonce won?
who are the justices of the nc supreme court
What area of Minneapolis contains a notable number of Somalis?
What have urologists reported a higher demand for in recent months?
The beginning of what ended the Porfiriato?
what was the first police department created in the united states
who are the suspects?
who says charges against him are false and politically motivated?
What is Liberia's education system hampered by?
What does ASCII code represent?
Who are the people on the show?
who played velma in hush hush sweet charlotte
what 's the distance between england and france
When was Pearl Harbor bombed?
How many did the activist group say were dead?
How many soldiers are listed as missing in action?
going to the place in the sky song
Which type of graduate from Imperial earned the second highest average starting salary after graduation?
where do i get my tax identification number
What did Descartes think pain was?
Who attacked the abbey?
When did individuals self-identify as belonging to a particular ethnic group?
Who made large contributions in the sciences in latter centuries?
where did jr smith go to high school
what episode does the soul society arc start
How did Samuel Walker describe the number of unjustified shots fired?
Where did the first semi-permanent residents of the Antarctic area live?
The National Gallery was established in 1824 to accommodate and display what items?
where did the cherry blossom trees in washington dc come from
Who is the new evil force that has been enslaving people?
What insect is known to consume carrion?
In what year did the Admiralty Court hang 26 pirates in Newport, Rhode Island?
who wrote the song reflections of my life
who played the sheriff in carry on cowboy
What did Arsenal want to commemorate by wearing dark red shirts in their last season at Highbury?
What performs bidirectional data translation between two standards?
in what national part were the Pygmy tarsiers caught and released
What is the fine for companies breaking the rule?
Who did AC Milan beat?
when was the man from snowy river made
What is another name for Jesus given?
The editorial offices of The Times Literary Supplement is based in what location in London?
when was madness it must be love released
what country on chinas border is mostly desert
when is the last time the united states had a solar eclipse
How long is the quarantine?
What did Obama express?
what is the first game in the nfl season
Which musical artist suggested Queen release Another One Bites the Dust as a single?
Up to how many passengers are to be taken across the Potomac?
What is it called when the protagonist loses?
Where is the Ivanpah Solar Power Facility located?
who does wayne brady play in sofia the first
Where does Greece's health care system rank out of 191 countries surveyed?
What did Trudeau say Elizabeth favored?
How much of Greece's energy consumption came from renewable sources in 2008?
what school did they film the breakfast club
who played the borg queen in star trek voyager
What is the short form for joshi puroresu?
What town did Victoria visit in the center of England on her trip with the Dutchess of kent and Conroy?
Is it Rafael Nadal fit for U.S. Open?
Who argues that Vick shouldn't be allowed to play?
What is the population of San Diego's urgan area?
In what year was the famous The New Haven Green founded?
Where will Beckham stay?
who sings the song lets get it on
oompa loompa charlie and the chocolate factory film
What Robert recently learned about his brother?
Who attended the summit?
Who believes she was ultimate target of sniper spree?
What Russian government claimed that Ukrainian was not a distinct language?
Where does a bill go once the President signs it into effect?
What happened to Idris?
What is an example of an emotion that, under psychological construction theory, is not the same from one case to another?
When did this start
what do collective decisions require?
What did the teen convert say?
who played hilary in fresh prince of bel-air
What was the famous biopic about Nasser?
how many time brazil runner up in world cup
when is south park fractured but whole out
Who did the Yongle Emperor give patronage to?
Who did Elizabeth surpass in longest lived British monarch?
What charter directly affected a women's right to serve in the CAF?
What is considered the main turning point for the Iranian elections
What does Jessica Watson planning on doing?
What university is William Ayers going to speak at?
What do the statistics reflect?
Where is the town that is hoping to turn around the local economy?
according to the sq3r method to survey a chapter means to
Who says US influence has been diminishing?
what is the contribution of ampere in electromagnetic wave
What was the result of Lewis Hamilton's spin?
What are other migration hazards?
What clan was given the privileged of enoblement?
What was Phelps pictured using?
What class was slackta in Poland?
Who has placed Twitter username up for auction?
when was alsace and lorraine taken from france
what is he suspected of doing
who had home field advantage in world series 2017
Who were amongst the guests?
Why are newborns described as being physiologically immunodeficient?
who had the longest hitting streak in mlb history
Why can American tort law not be easily summarized?
What will he be talking about?
What has damaged dozens of homes?
when is hello my twenties season 2 coming out
how deep is the riverwalk in san antonio texas
who does the voice for bob in bob 's burgers
What was the video about
What spans decades?
who did Somali parliament speaker ask?
Age of Tubbs Jones when she died?
what Sotomayor once served on the Puerto Rican Legal Defense?
What are the main ingredients used to make pastries in the monasteries?
In which countrys where the beads sold
who does jason sudeikis voice on cleveland show
what is the cost of per room per night?
where do you get chips in a casino
how many people were arrested?
Who began to host Essentials Jr. in 2011?
What did Green say Ali embodied?
who played ben parish in the 5th wave
who is the winner of asia 's got talent 2017
Other than Asian students, who else was allegedly being discriminated against?
Who has search and rescue on stand by?
As what did Sonia Sotomayor start her career?
What sect did the Tsangpa Dynasty of Shigatse favor?
When was the daughter freed?
What other US departments does the Air Force coordinate with for nuclear security? 
who was penny lane based on in almost famous
Who many residents in Los Angeles can return home?
Who is the jailed prophet?
who did  accuse of poor investigating, reporting of deaths?
What is the movie based on?
What could be avoided by using vertical groove cuts?
Who was kidnapped three years before Jaycee Dugard?
who has the most points per game in nhl history
What category of race do Italian Americans normally fall under?
who is the current us army chief of staff
When were widespread outages experienced?
What console is this played on?
Who collected the data?
When was Emperor Akihito born?
Why do New Haven city officials dislike Yale?
Who is charged with resisting arrest and shoplifting?
Who did meet with U.S.Secretary?
What was the forst Japenese city nuked by the United States?
When did Kerry run for Lt Governor?
What trade name was epinephrine marketed under?
What non traditional tasks were women recruited for in the 1970s?
how many movies of ip man are there
Where was the woman stabbed?
In what year does US become world's leading wind power provider?
What did a court allow a catholic newspaper to do?
what helps focus?
how old is laura weather girl on daybreak
What occupy a more or less space area?
who invented the decimal system and concept of zero
Does he face prison?
who are the judges on irelands got talent 2018
What colour is the special lobster?
Where do state banquets take place?
What does downtown Miami possess more of than any other US city?
Were all residents counted together or separately?
Who encouraged cathedral architects to allow as much light as possible into the building?
who wrote the song ca n 't you see
What is an example of a code of law in ancient India?
what kind of hole does a pwc have
Who came under scrutiny?
How many people were arrested?
Where did Broz flee to after a White counteroffensive?
Which national news-based programs are based in Melbourne?
There is a new norm of what, according to the deputy prime minister?
who wrote the song we are the champions
Who was dismissed at Fulham?
What song Melanie Amaro was performing?
What agency said to share memories, etc of Benazir Bhutto?
How has the media perceive most of these changes to the Downtown area?
when was the national minimum wage last raised
What sparked the skiing safety debate?
Which major global shipping company is based in Memphis?
What damage can solar ejections cause?.
when does the next godzilla anime come out
What party characteristics emerged in the house in late 19th century?
when does avengers infinity ear come out on dvd
Following Alberts death, what was the first year that Victoria attended the State opening of Parliment?
who plays jack 's father in this is us
who is responisble for the attack
What language do most historians agree upon where the Greek names for the British Isles came from?
diseases carried from person to person through other hosts such as animals or insects are known as
How many federal police officers were slayed?
When was The Journal of Music Theory founded?
What happened to Lake Delton?
Who in Houston tends to vote Republican?
Which distinguished academic of genocide highlighted several other countries opposed to including political genocide in the Convention?
Who demanded documents on Iraq Contractor?
What is at the crossing of 18th Street and Seventh Avenue?
when does gwen stacy find out peter is spider man
who plays sally in the nightmare before christmas
what is the primary purpose for setting up kerberos authentication
Where does Deepa live?
are the patriots in the afc or nfc
What did she suffer from at age five?
Exile's network is getting news out of Iran and to where?
when does the law of large numbers apply
Who is Robinho's manager?
where is alpha amylase found in the body
Which book was Darwin working on when he received a package from Wallace?
how many premier league teams make champions league
when did at home pregnancy tests come out
who invented the difference engine and the analytical engine
when does animal crossing pocket camp release in us
How long have Puerto Ricans been U.S. citizens?
Kyi is still confined where?
What day was she reported missing?
Who knew accused killer?
What kind of workshops?
What is the amateur video of?
what clothes did they wear in ancient rome
What is an example of a Sanskrit loanword used in Southeast Asian languages?
when did amazon start collecting sales tax in vermont
gonadotrophin-releasing hormone from the hypothalamus stimulates the anterior pituitary to release
who does sansa stark marry in the book
Who found Bear last year?
In the build-up to genocide, what have other authors focused on?
when does the next star trek discovery episode air
Where are President Obama and family scheduled to arrive on Sunday?
what is name of new video game?
when was the subsidiary alliance imposed on awadh
who plays the voice of tommy in rugrats
What are the kings portrayed as hunting?
which president did the house of representatives impeach
Who was killed by the spider?
What philosophical encyclopedia is Ibn Sina known for writing?
What age is Hernandez?
Who issued a document called "Human rights and intellectual property"?
who was the french leader the diplomats were trying to meet with
How many people died in the Indian Famine of 1899-1900?
Where will Samuel stay for the time being?
How many nuclear isomers does zinc have?
Where was the only African destination for the torch?
What was the cause of the crash?
How far was Marconi able to get his signal to go using this technique?
What is the case stemmed from?
What two things did the mentors help the contestants with?
when does the movie everything everything hit theaters
Where should BP scale back use of dispersants?
WHAT IS ROBERT A. SINGER ACCUSED OF?
What does bush say about the advance in stem cell research
What does the actor call for?
Where does the Al-Shabaab militants say he's from?
who gave foreword to mulk raj anands untouchable
What is being sold for charity?
What is a new law given at the OFR of the NARA?
What was placed on lockdown Tuesday?
who does wil wheaton play in stand by me
What is an example of an obligate relationship?
What was the name of the Athlete from Georgia who was killed
Where did Stein graduate from?
What is another term for rustication?
How do you say place in Sanskrit?
What law banned the interstate distribution of mislabeled food and drugs? 
who won  263 of the 386 seats in parliament?
where is almost 2/3 of earth 's freshwater located
when does jessica jones season 2 premiere on netflix
Who's the ceo?
In 1700, the Lenape Native American population had dwindled to how many?
How long does it typically take to earn a Master's degree?
Along with uranyl sulfate and uranyl chloride, what compound is formed by the UO2+ 2 ion?
How many countries have revolving restaurants opened in?
The windward side of St. Barts is popular for what type of activity?
which type of hormone receptor plasma membrane bound or intracellular
What did the rocket fired from Lebanon do?
Where was the Maghribi script most commonly used by Quran copyists?
What was focused in March?
What says U.S. Military?
Where did post-punk ram its appropriation of ideas into?
How many bills did George Washington veto?
When will the storm hit Vietnam?
What sport did Eisenhower notably enjoy?
When did European countries establish colonies in Africa?
where does the energy to fix gaseous co2 come from
Where was the Kalb tribe based?
when did all day drinking start in england
What is the Virginia Statute for Religious Freedom?
Article IV, Section Three allows Congress to do what?
if the line-item veto were constitutional how would it affect the balance of power explain
where is the mass number put with respect to an element symbol
who appoints the majority leader in the house of representatives
What did the officers plead?
Which British Prime Minister first supported home rule of Ireland?
real name of vice president of the philippines
what happened to the mom in practical magic
After being yelled at by a priest as a child, what place of worship would Tito refuse to enter again?
who portrayed dorothy in the 1925 wizard of oz
What kind of deal does Finn have
What is the last step in paper production?
who plays the roommate in life of the party
What age were the raped girls?
when does the new season of el señor de los cielos start
when did ohio state adopt hang on sloopy
Name the most famous winners of the contest
What has God not forgotten?
what is the current political system in japan
are the walking dead comics in color or black and white
Where did protesters block lanes?
name an animal that is mentioned in the bible
who sang i want candy in the 80 's
who was the original singer of knocking on heavens door
Rio de Janeiro is trying to crack down on what?
How many undergrad students were in Oklahoma in 2007?
the bill of rights consists of the first -- -- -- -- amendments to the constitution
when does sleepy hollow return for season 4
Who does the government have to explain their actions to?
whats the legal age of consent in illinois
What is the shortest pier in the UK 
In what century did differences among human groups become a focus of science?
What caused a large migration of Greek refuges in the 1450s?
What country has the largest number of native Portuguese speakers?
Why are children from suburban communities more likely to participate in activies that benefit their identity?
what is the current population of the uk
who plays scott grainger on the young and restless
The War On Terrorism was caused by what event?
What material did Elisha Gray use to convey sound?
During what time period do some researchers believe Russians settled in Alaska?
when was the declaration of the rights of man and citizen written
where do the control units instructions come from
when do millennials end and gen z start
How many people in the UK whose expectant mothers took the drug?
What sentences did the 3 convicted kidnappers get?
What unique form of dance originated in the neighbourhods of Montevideo?
Who said attack hasn't threatened nation's relationship?
What are volunteers asked to become?
who wrote i 'm sitting on top of the world
When do recessive alleles give rise to their corresponding phenotype?
5 types of control that could be programmed on a gui
Who did Justa Grata Honoria plot to kill?
where did the biggest source of war funding come from during the civil war
Which carrier will no longer be allowed to fly?
What was Nasser's reaction to the attack?
What pushed some people into extra work, producer says?
Is the ground has a great conductor, how much of the wave will be reflected?
What area is the island classified as being in by the United Nations?
What is a phrase that expresses the value of the education offered at KU with respect to its cost?
what bridge does the d train go over
who plays lucy in how i met your mother
What does LCPS stand for?
What will set back Lebanon?
Where is the Cork Public Museum?
The lowest of the Alpine passes at what elevation? 
Hawking also states that questions about what happened before the Big Bang are what?
On what grounds does the agency want men removed?
Who has been suspended for six weeks?
Who smacks batons against shin guards?
How is the United States treating incandescent light bulbs?
What was the birthplace of Sir Francis Drake?
How many vehicles recalled for power window problems?
What claim to fame does Daniel Rendon Herrera have?
What is special about the F-5?
What is the predicament of the cop?
What specific hormone catalyzes these changes in females?
when did d wade go to the bulls
when was the three point line introduced in nba
Often regular everyday craftsman were most likely what?
What did child say?
when does the truth about ivy come out
normochromic pertains to what aspect of a blood cell
what term is used to describe something that is useful and provide satisfaction
What were the inmates doing prior to trying to escape?
How many people have fallen ill?
how many versions of miracle on 34th street are there
Three fisherman have been missing since when?
when did the us become involved in the middle east
who did the voice of frosty the snowman
Which mayor influenced the Chicago Star Partnership?
how much does lohan earn?
Is there a name for the specific venue? 
What region lays along the north border of Burma and is famed for the presence of monks ?
Where is the group working this year?
What percent of mortgage lending was made by Community Reinvestment Act covered lenders from 1993 to 1998?
who pays for chicago air and water show
Do scientists believe that parenting and/or childhood play a role in sexual orientation?
Who was killed?
who won the 1979 ncaa men 's basketball championship
what does it mean to identify as a gender
What was the cause of Antony and Cleopatras death?
What would qualify someone to use restricted use pesticides?
Which crops are produced in the Delta-area?
What does 'moroz' mean?
who did the seahawks play in the super bowl 2015
The movie is based on a 2002 novel by whom?
Fear over which disease has hit pork industry hard?
What does short-term memory depend on?
who returned the knighthood conferred on him by british government after jalianwala bagh massacre
who has highest number of grand slams in tennis
Which railway station was the busiest in the world in the mid-1920s?
Which month marks the start of a Premier League season?
What do analysts say Toyoda must do?
how many had to flee thier homes
who plays lady sif in agents of shield
Where did the fight between Ming loyalists and Manchus occur?
What is the distance the caves go on for?
What is the reason they are decreasing?
dodgers second baseman with four silver slugger awards
when does pll season 7 episode 18 air
What did Terry ironically won in 2009 ?
Where were was Morphine extracted from?
What is promised but needed more of
What did the scientist who discovered the dye do after discovering it?
unlike renaissance texts most medieval texts were written in
What reflectance is measured from a semiconductor wafer's surface to determine the index of refraction?
Who  blames air traffic controllers for not realizing problem earlier?
what age is he?
What magnitude was the earthquake?
when did ca n 't touch this come out
Ducks, geese, swans and screamers are part of which group?
What is the cost of his morgage?
Rational emotive behavior therapy is an approach used by what psychotherapy schools?
How many computers are infected?
what shows are being aired?
What year was the Washington-area sniper attacks?
How many people died?
who was the first to measure the earth circumference
who are the real singers for milli vanilli
who wrote preface to lyrical ballads 2nd edition
What launched on sunday?
who played alan dershowitz in reversal of fortune
who scored the most goals in premier league
When was Poland ruled by the soviet regime?
when does the nfl football schedule come out for 2018
who is the best goal keeper in the world
What did Fleck say?
During what seasons are courses offered at the Washington University School of Law?
what is the main purpose of a trade union
when does luke cage season 2 premiere on netflix
What three other musicians were developing the new genre?
Mixed media and what else are becoming popular for making comics?
Who is the highest judge in Ireland's Supreme Court?
Where fans meet?
What is the old Quantum  theory?
What did Floriday Judge say regarding Jenny?
How many prongs is the Supreme COurt's test to determine if a government action comports with the Establishment Clause?
What was another name for the Boxers?
What type of magazine is L'Officiel?
What is the way to force dramatic change
when does the new season of comedians in cars getting coffee come out
What facet of a foreign people did Rome add to itself to promote order?
Victoria Park is located in what London district?
What PS3 game can integrate a PlayStation Portable to use as a rear-view mirror?
In what year was Hubbard named a National Endowment for the Arts Jazz Master?
Who resigned due to the baby formula scandal?
when was the texas declaration of independence signed
Which memorial park divides 122nd Street?
What was considered the true portrait of the no wave movement?
Who order the evacuation?
What is one way you could group pesticides?
which team plays the rest of india in the annual irani trophy cricket tournament
Who is investigating the train crash?
what year did they stop making the saturn vue
On what date did most European countries set the start of the new year?
who was arrested in mexico?
who was it that died
Who conquered the Eastern Provinces of the Byzantine empire?
where does the song john jacob jingleheimer schmidt come from
Wh was the dead man?
the company has become huge in what
What country is the inspiration for Mexico City's new programs?
What was the 'Treatise on the Police' called in French?
what caused injury to 15000 people?
An imbalance in sex hormones, tissue responsiveness, or obesity can cause what in boys?
which amendment was taken out of the constitution
american businessmen in the 1920s thought that this defined modernity
Who negated the execution order on the eunuchs?
What power plant was damaged by the earthquake?
which team were France playing?
Who apologises on Web site?
who was kidnapped at the beginning of the trojan war
what is illegal to view on the internet in india
When was 'The Wanderers' movie released?
What season did fertility typically return?
Gosling currently stars alongside George Clooney in what movie?
what 's the largest jail in the united states
who played floyd talbert in band of brothers
what do you call the fear of the dark
What is most often triggered by temperature changes?
What has been a challenge to the theater owner?
In what year did Queen release the album Jazz?
What did Columbia claim?
Along with the period 6:30 pm–9:30 pm, what opening hours were acceptable under the Defence of the Realm Act?
who wins season two of americas next top model
What did Peter I found on the Baltic Sea?
when did relations between china and the soviet union begin to improve
what is the terminal part of the small intestine
What person made the decision to turn around?
who is the wolf of wall street based off of
Aside from Switzerland, what country speaks a dialect related to Swiss German?
who commanded british forces at the battle of waterloo
ON What date did Flight 1549 land?
when did the us army air corps become the us air force
What is the death toll in Mexican plane crash?
What did the Little Rock police chief say?
Where did the bomb explode?
who has the most number one hits in country music
what type of volcano is the cleveland volcano
who has the pole for the daytona 500
What was the reason for Benedetti left Uruguay?
who sang the original once upon a dream
What replaced the Windows Explorer comman bar?
Who has been replaced already?
what is the english meaning of char pai
Who has Hedi Slimane photographed?
What does "Joyful Noise" also find room for?
who releases report
What are the legislative systems of various Lutheran institutions called?
What month is the Fiesta de los Vaqueros held in?
What has errupted amid protests for Tibetan independence?
when did us the duo audition for agt
major functions of an operating system such as linux
Who agrees with Margulis' cooperative view of evolution?
where is the garden of gethsemane mentioned in the bible
Who have the Pakistani army been waging a week-long crackdown on?
How many species have been downgraded from endangered to threatened status?
who experimented with oil and water layers in 1917
who hit the most homeruns in a single season
the vascular system consists of the heart and blood vessels for the circulation of
To whom Bush used to be compared with?
What does Jennifer Hardesty say?
what does the name layla mean in english
Which country has the JET program?
What opera legend also has a famous restaurant in Mexico City?
What was the original name of Kanye's album "SWISH"?
How many civilians were killed in the bombing?
When were Chandra Levy's remains found?
what was the colosseum built on top of
What did authorities find?
Whose estate is Katherine Jackson seeking control of?
when does jurassic world evolution game come out
What is the weather like in the summer time in the British Isles?
Where did the Fighting Irish hockey team compete prior to a move to Hockey East, in terms of conference?
How far is the Bab al-Azizia barracks from Tripoli?
who is responsible for making the web standards
What type of carrier is the Charles de Gaulle?
marley and me is the dog a boy
Why was Crystal Bowersox in the hospital during the week of the top 20 on American Idol?
where does the last name ibrahim come from
Which opera director did Frédéric see works of during his stay in Berlin?
how many seasons are there of wizards of waverly place
What does another party claim rights to?
who is resting at home
when does derek die in grey 's anatomy
How many officers were killed in this incident?
Who was charles percy in 1968.
Insects move by walking, flying, and what else?
What dominates the Kuiper belt? 
when does the next season of little witch academia come out
what kind of paint did edgar degas use
Where are bright spots seen?
who is the actor that plays the predator
The ISO/IEC high standard document states that the decompressed output produced from a given MP3 file will be the same within what standards?
Where is Fort Bismark located?
What number of people were killed?
Which drug has Andre Agassi admitted to using?
In the medieval period, what buildings were notably built atop older ruins?
What was Chengu known to supply the country with?
Almost all of the asset-backed issuance in 2009 was supported by what Federal Reserve program?
What do critics note were intermingled at the time the Constitution was ratified?
How many years did Mandy suffer?
Is the case of Sriharan being reviewed?
How many barrels are estimated to be transported every day?
In what year did Suleiman the Magnificent capture Belgrade?
Stain-resistant fabrics are coated with chemicals to reduce what?
who won odi series india vs england 2018
where do you get a mortgage loan from
Garrido's parole officer checked up on him how many times per month?
What position did Lord Castlereagh hold?
How many lay vicars are there?
when did the army air corps become air force
who is the female lead in chitty chitty bang bang
When did Tucson's main power plant begin operation?
What type of student did schools that focus on very specific topics aim to create?
who was the leader of great britain during wwii
What were the three Top 40 singles from Def Leppard's Pyromania album?
When Greece entered World War I, on whose side did they fight?
Who released new lighter coinage that caused significant amounts of inflation because of it's weight?
Where did the English adjective Swiss originate from?
The rise of what saw the independence of Greece, Serbia, the Danubian Principalities and Bulgaria?
Who says that the government has a role in preventing fraud from being sold to the public?
the major carbohydrate that tissue cells use as fuel is
pap smear test is used in diagnosis of
Amount of Oscars the film Slumdog Millionaire was nominated for?
What group dominated the political scene when Mubarak was in power?
what kind of protein is in cottage cheese
Gagan Narang does what sporting activity?
What is the last letter of nearly all CBC stations?
When does the latest movie released?
What did Stephen Green admit?
how many points did wilt chamberlain score in his nba career
who will the hurricane hit next
when will the worlds population reach 8 billion
From what country do most domesticated  quails today descend from ?
Where should you look for more details?
$118,000 is the amount that who wants?
where are the kings and queens of france buried
What is Tony Marshall charged with?
Where are three additional vowel phonemes found in Czech?
What demographic do hot AC stations featuring more pop and alternative rock focus on?
which law is the highest in south africa
where is ferris bueller 's day off filmed
What is the traditional sport on Tuvalu?
Where were lateral cut disc records developed?
How far from Valencia is the Albufera?
Who was disqualified from the Olympics?
Who says "It was quite a thrilling time"?
which area of europe was known as the powder keg of europe prior to the outbreak of world war 1
What is the name of the album?
where did the stones from stone henge come from
What damage did the major Sichuan cities have?
what peterson belive?
Trainers won't get into what?
Who received hate mail this week?
Who did Lafave talk to?
who has scored the most test runs for australia
who sang you are my one and only
When did John meet the rebel leaders at Runnymede?
Which town has an antique and flea market the first Sunday of each month?
where does the appalachian trail start in new york
What is U.N. sending to Myanmar?
How is the presence of sugar shown by using Benedict's reagent and Fehling's solution?
What disorders can cause seizures?
A vulture is what type of bird?
what is emmett 's moms name in switched at birth
According to John Harrison, through the Constitution, what is law?
When did the division of cyborg anthropology originate?
where did they film death comes to pemberley
What was Samar Saed Abdullah convicted of?
who is the song you 're so vain referring to
where does macy 's day parade start from
What was Hamilton given?
As measured in 2010, how many deaths occurred for every 100,000 live births in the Congo?
Who was reprimanded for a naked frolic?
who fought the battle on the bank of river jhelum
most wins in a season by nba team
What is Mack's message to the world?
What does CNN say is going to happen?
What parts of Oklahoma are in a humid subtropical climate?
How are the conductive plates often made for larger value capacitors?
In the Soviet section to the north, what did they want to expel from their land?
When was 'An Essay Concerning Human Understanding' published?
How much did the basketball arena developer pay?
What was Whitehead's philosophy able to anticipate for the 21st century?
When did Richard die?
who plays ramos on orange is the new black
What did critics believe about The Sun and Lord Kilbracken's ideas on AIDS?
What is that luxury first class cabins have?
What is Third Street access shut off from?
when was the last time mt etna erupted
who played napoleon in night at the museum 2
Who is asked to share photos and views of Russia?
when did the amazon river dolphin become endangered
what is the airport in cabo san lucas mexico
who sings i will always love you on the jukebox in the bodyguard
The amount of deaths blamed for faulty products?
What was Pelosi adamant about?
Who was kidnapped for Ransom?
Where was he on holidays
In what film did Spielberg cover the slave trade?
What does Bavaria refer to itself as?
when was the last time the united states was debt free
which element in group 1 is not an alkaline metal
Where is the service available?
who sang the song you are my starship
where can i find season 2 of this is us
when did brides start wearing white wedding dresses
who sang the original version of earth angel
Who is hosting this weekend's Saturday Night Live?
What is contrast banding?
What was the amount of funding for UNFPA's core resources?
Where did the incest dad go on holiday?
Who retires hurt?
Of all of the awards Tito received, how many were from Yugoslavia itself?
When was Sanskrit and Indian culture popular?
Besides Melanesia, which country sent many workers for the cocoa and rubber plantations in Samoa?
who wants to be a millionaire usa presenter
who begged tyler peterson?
when should you examine the areas of pain when physically assessing the patients abdomen
What could Chirac face as a result of the charges?
who played rudy 's friend peter on the cosby show
Who must assign a successor after the demise of a prophet?
what type of dog is skye in paw patrol
when does the constitution called for all national elections to be held
what song is on drakes nice for what
when blast went off?
What are dying in Mali?
who sings the country song if it 's meant to be
what is the real name of mr bojangles
What floor are the Belgian Suites located?
Who were the Aspii?
Who died using a power washer at U.S. base in western Iraq?
who does the voice of paulie the bird
who played lina in singing in the rain
what is tribe president Kibaki belongs to?
who does danny mcbride play in sausage party
What happened to his cousin?
when does english schools break up for summer
How long after the natives were cured did it take for people to figure out the reason that brown rice cured them?
who is the actor that plays professor lupin
what is the helghast home planet in killzone shadowfall
How long was the succession of powerful dynasties in the Indian subcontinent?
What advice does Howard give?
when did grand teton become a national park
Where was the attack?
What placed second?
when was burt 's bees bought out by clorox
In the accident, how many sailors has been missing?
Where did Jacques Derrida teach from the late 1970's to mid 1980's?
where do the highest levels of marine primary productions occur
name 3 cities where the us capital was located
What was the Chicago man guilty of?
In what environment are dialects more frequently heard?
What touched down monday morning in Oakland Park?
what unleashed a wave of fury
What religious act did women not perform?
What weapon posed a significant threat to US navy ships?
what country did the us buy alaska from
where did they film the wolf of wall street
season 8 australia 's next top model winner
Where is the crew
where is area code 207 located in usa
What was the kids age
which amino acid in mice was discovered to play a role in memory
When did the Argentine woman vanish?
What race is Bell?
when was the event
who starred in the tv series remington steele
Wars in which countries were linked to colonial expansion
In what year did Jose de Quiroga arrive?
What have computers in police cars enabled for reporting?
How many minorities were granted cultural autonomies?
game of thrones season 7 ep 1 title
the white part of an egg is called
What was the headline in The Sun newspaper?
Who many countries offered help?
Number of small skiffs that appeared?
who produced drop it like it 's hot
What World War I event directly impacted Gaddafi's family?
What was the general opinion of Frederick the Great military acumen?
Where do police believe that Caylee's body was?
what movie has come on eileen in it
What type of trail was she on?
What was a known issue of using shellac to make records?
How many world headquarters of the 31 Fortune Global 500 companies are located in Paris?
What did Kenneth Turan say about it?
who played doc brown on back to the future
what is the maximum size of an ip packet for ipv4 or ipv6
Majority of Egypt people live near what river?
What is the Challenger's name?
Who's Mayor stepped down in the wake of a scandal?
What is added to almost every dish in Greece?
What is a key qualifier for determining good governance?
What would they be concerned about?
Who was a local pioneer of folk song collection?
when did the 24 valve cummins come out
the period of transition between childhood and adulthood is known as
the outermost layer of the kidney is called the
The 360 Pro's original storage was replaced by a hard drive of what size in 2008?
What should U.S. pilots watch for?
What is the percentage of Asian speakers in Seattle?
What ethnicity is Blagojevich?
When did the strife between Austria and Prussia erupt?
When were anti-miscegenation laws passed?
What film did Taiwan choose?
what flight was boarded by an armed man?
who sang the song gim me gim me good lovin
What part of the city is the Rose Bowl in?
What caused the death to "King of Pop" comparing to Deepak Chopra?
Which baseball stadium is found at Notre Dame?
where does the final fight in deadpool take place
For what reason will crews to pump nitrogen in the West Virginia coal mine?
How many Fono members are there?
who did harvey keitel play in pulp fiction
Which British actor stars in the hit Fox series "Lie to Me"?
Have Inter lost a game?
Who, it was rumored,  did Margaret Thatcher say the Queen would vote for?
What was the name of a modern Chinese Army?
where does the best quality amethyst come from
who did the song nights in white satin
What was the Chinook enhanced name of Terry and Low's settlement?
which was the warmest year of all time?
What age is Brewer?
What happened to the Grand Secretariat?
What did Mary Winkler do?
Where was the person killed?
who sings tequila makes her cloths fall off
When did the French President return?
What is not a thread to U.S.?
What attributes do religions all roughly share?
Life revolves around what in Israel?
who becomes king of italy after the fall of the roman empire in the west in 476 ce
What so Sami herders use to judge best snow areas?
What do Eritrean's offer a person who declines coffee?
What does the term "pardo" include?
where is the original chick fil a dwarf house
when did new orleans change name to pelicans
Who held the position of Assistant Secretary of Labor?
What is the airline boss thinking of doing?
when was the first video game released to the public
How many were killed last week?
who wrote i henry the eighth i am
Whose work considered adaptation to be evidence of God's design?
when did the redskins win their first super bowl
who did the buckeyes lose to last year
who sang do n 't fall in love with a dreamer
How much of the children of Jefferson and Hemmings were white?
What was the age of Michael Jackson Apodaca?
what does gc stand for in tour de france
who has hit 60 home runs in a season
when does justin appear in 13 reasons why 2
What surrounded the star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame?
What is one way the city tried to combat crime?
who does the voice of anna on frozen
Which type of heresy is the scientific community well equipped to defend itself against?
who was the original singer of sweet home alabama
How did the East India Company handle trade in Bengal?
who won the little league world series in 1966
what is the typical fee
What product is Europe's fastest growing form of waste
Who was the chairman of the newly established committee?
How big is Midtown's population?
Classic music can a attain a high level of what?
Who became speakers of Balto-Slavic?
An axon that can greatly increase speed of signals is wrapped in what?
Where did the warning come from?
swiss artist was an illustrator at the bauhaus
What do supporters of Uribe want to give?
Who manages New Haven's farmers' market?
where are they playing the memorial golf tournament
Who did Kerry share a campaign headquarters with?
The  philosophy of space and time focuses on whether or not time and space exist independently of what?
who wrote the lyrics to sweet child of mine
Reflexes only require one of what two structures in a body?
What do all living humans belong to?
In addition to buildings, what is wood often used to make?
What defense does a zebra have against predators?
How did the Catalans show their identity during the dictatorships?
how many seasons did star trek next generation run
Who was the first emperor of the Ming dynasty?
Where did the idea of a group come from?
i would do anything for love video actress
how many stores are in the galleria mall
What is the Roman Catholic term used to denote the worship of God?
Whose ship was named Florida?
What position was held by Nikita Khrushchev?
Who leads fundraising campaign?
when is the 4th season of jane the virgin coming out
Who do the reports identify?
who made the 2018 nfl hall of fame
who do howie long 's son 's play for in the nfl
How man boroughs was the borough of Mexico City split into in 1970?
When was the greylag goose first domesticated by humans?
where does the new years eve ball drop
who played the giant woman in deuce bigalow
in which year wild life act comes in india
What do North Korean officials want?
What was the name of the weekend's No. 1 film?
The Nigerian Government was lobbied to do more for who?
when did the florin cease to be legal tender
who played gamora on guardians of the galaxy
What is the name of the main opposition party?
when was the last time mt . vesuvius erupted
What is the most amount of ministers that a Prime Minister can assign?
When was the rescue plan rejected?
famous indian playback singer . one of the best known and respected playback singers
Where were the nine bodies found?
who condemns the attack?
what is the tv show riverdale based off of
what are the different sides of a ship called
using the first letter of each word to create a word
What did a researcher compare this process to?
What was the name of the attack the Japanese had planned against San Diego?
What is a naming term for asphalt?
What kind of law is allowed in Swat ?
What will FA Cup finalists Portsmouth not be allowed to play in?
Where did the attacks take place?
Who built the first induction motor?
Who wrote 'A Vindication of the Rights of Men'?
What caused the plane to drop suddenly?
What is Jehovah Witnesses' view of divorce?
Who regulates all financial institutions as well as the issuing of money?
who is the guy in the call me maybe video
What are nominations open for?
who was the captain of pakistan cricket team in 2011 cricket world cup
Where does Sciarra's funeral take place?
who is the present chief of army in india
What did the U.S. counterterrorism officials say?
Who endorsed a two-state solution
who is the guy on sling tv commercial
What list does he rank 19th on?
when was how the grinch stole christmas cartoon made
where are the 2018 olympics being held at
Who slapped the flight attendant's hand?
who sings i wan na fall in love with you
who starred in the original tv show the equalizer
Did Alamo reverse the charges?
How was Bonner appointed his position?
Where was Nagin flying from
Who lost a bet to Matthew Perry?
In practice, Pre-Columbian refers to the history of the indigenous cultures of America prior to Europeans doing what to them?
This view of how schooling and earnings has sparked a lot of studies, but what else has it brought up?
What is responsible for these vast increases in speed?
What date did Mays die ?
What did a newspaper publish a picture of Phelps doing?
How long is the State Fair of Oklahoma?
In what famous place did Claridge first begin to lay and test the use of asphalt pavement?
What cannot be held liable for allowing him to die?
What was the lifespan of Theodore Hesburgh?
Did many people die?
Who is Clinton meeting with?
When was the Santo Caliz used for mass in Valencia?
Who now enables workers to see a doctor when necessary?
What are the American women aiming for?
Tito's cause of death was what?
To how high were sea tides expected to rise?
Where was Nigeria's second satellite launched?
when does grey 's anatomy season 14 episode 4 come out
What kind of building is it?
when did the english king reward his supporters a charter for north and south carolina
where did they film diary of a wimpy kid dog days
When did fighting begin?
Most parliamentary governments need to have the support of what governmental body?
where is the new series of lost in space filmed
What drink can you sip at the Willard InterContinental's Round Robin Bar?
What is Karrubi looking to investigate?
In the James-Lange theory, what causes emotions?
who is the guy who sings oppa gangnam style
What age did the coach die at?
The bill would let employees do what?
how many sinn fein mps in northern ireland
Where is the opening of the massive mosque?
what war was the movie the patriot based on
How many children were killed?
Who was convicted for rape?
Who  has been trading barbs with the mayor of Newark, New Jersey?
What was Jackson's home for almost two decades?
What did Diane Schuler's husband say?
Who won Sunday's final?
what conference are the new orleans saints in
What type of letter did police find?
Who's influence brought about Greek revival in France?
How many cases did appellate courts receice in 2010?
when did the nba change the playoff series
where does house on mango street take place
Who said the injuries weren't thought to be serious?
How many women and children were freed from the militants' compound?
Which American CFL team won the Grey Cup?
What country beat Brazil in the World Cup?
what did official say about the dynamic?
How many acres can the money raised from the sale of federal duck stamps help purchase?
What is an example of where the Gothic style is expressed most strongly?
when did the st pete grand prix start
What temperature effect causes drought?
us female leader of a club scout group
What is the name of the person who won the election?
What does the app come with?
Who was kidnapped outside of Kabul on November 10?
what is the meaning of quando quando quando
Who was armed?
What was the event called that caused  Ayutthaya  to reclaim lost territories ?
ellora caves depict different type of cultures of
What serviced as the foundation for the structure of the economy of the Ottoman empire?
What year did the United States finally adopt Daylight Saving Time?
Which newspaper printed an op-ed piece that questioned Immelt's credibility as a spokesman on environmental policy?
where is the capital city of pennsylvania located
what method can determine which policies work?
Who was charged with murder?
what were the nurses names?
what is the name of the country in the black panther movie
What is Johnny Depp's pirate-themed yacht?
where does the house of spirits take place
who plays alana beck in dear evan hansen
What was the damage done to London's streets?
What was city manager Mark Hughes angry about?
What did Scott say?
What is expected to continue through 2011?
What is the name of Connelly's biography?
who is the girl dancing on sia videos
Who explains how his home, Beirut, inspires his designs?
What year was the Great Atlantic Hurricane?
who wrote what you wo n 't do for love
when is the sequal to avengers infinity war coming out
What nationality were the passports used by members of the alleged assassination crew?
Who sent the master mosaicist to Spain?
What academia was heightened during this time of Hellenism ?
who wrote the poem the rose that grew from concrete
What was Ibn Khaldun's profession?
who has scored the most number of double centuries in test cricket
Who commissioned the Abbey to be built?
who sang the original red roses for a blue lady
Who is the US in an escalating diplomatic war with?
who pays the winner on people 's court
What did the Rev. Jesse Jackson say?
The has been the number of dead?
What is one way by which pesticides lose their efficacy?
What are P roads, those that carry traffic between all major towns in Eritrea?
where does there will be blood take place
when did the toyota tacoma change body styles
When were silver dollars first minted?
who plays dr turner 's wife in call the midwife
what is the gaseous state of water called
Where does Carlo Ancelotti now coach?
Sergei Diaghilev obtained additional orchestrations for subsequent productions, using which title?
What official position did the Vatican take on the subject of evolution in 1950?
What type of theater did Alexander Pantages start in Seattle?
who is  featured in the first Female Force?
Where did she make the admission?
where were sophie 's friends in mamma mia
In what state did the hanging of Adams take place?
What did Wayne Bridge recently do?
What do more than 400000 visitors kiss in Ireland?
what is the extruder in a 3d printer
What was the name of the project introduced by GE at the 2011 Toronto International Fils Festival?
Which striker was sent off in the second half?
How many people died in this outbreak from E. coli?
The US Supreme Court ruled that treaties can be repealed or modified by what for the purposes of US law?
What does the term NATO represent?
What year did Pilote begin?
what movie has the song let me call you sweetheart
What oath was a requirement of the emperor's decree?
What did Claridge's formation of a company with distinguished backers help inspire? 
Where Delta Flight fly?
On what date did the fourth season of the talent competition "Gospel Dream" begin?
Number of people killed by bomb attached to vehicle?
Who was the first reigning monarch from Britain to set foot in Spain?
who figured out the circumference of the earth
when is jane the virgin season 4 over
Who did he replace?
What are the choices for Virginians receiving child support?
who won the most nba championships as a player
What type of spying did Nasser want to concentrate on?
Who was hunting for him?
Who was charged with second-degree murder?
What does Congress stepping in on Miranda risk?
What is the biggest celebration held in local events in Burma ?
Did Eduardo score?
when did the jacksonville jaguars come to the nfl
what city did this occur
What can Sauerkraut be served with?
when were weight classes introduced to the ufc
How were samurai unrealistically portrayed?
What animal numbers remain stable in Botswana?
What was the name of the new musical style that emerged from New York in the 1970s?
Former coach has maintained friendship with who?
What film debuted in Mumbai?
Brinkmann was a survivor of how many concentration camps?
what 's the real name of hansa of khichdi serial
What does Harlan talk about?
who is the main character of despicable me
What years are termed the Baroque period? 
who has been  portrayed more often by the museum?
What's the name of the feature that would let you play a game on your PSP without having it with you?
where is the ice melted from?
who opposes any investigation?
What was the first year in which RIBA's Royal Gold Medal was given?
What is the technology called?
What are High end hotels building?
one cube of sugar is how many teaspoons
who sang going out of my head over you
What term is sometimes used for dialects that only differ in vocabulary?
who was the female lead in indiana jones
who scored the most goals in a nhl playoff game
what does the prefix tre mean in cornwall
What union do Yale security guards belong to?
What boat won the yacht race ?
what is the latest generation of ipad 2018
What denominations did the Third Great Awakening affect?
When could the official charges be filed?
the process by which a solid changes to a gas
How many keys must users collect?
The first US satellite to launch without failure was on what date?
which are the port roles in stp protocol
Who is attracted by the Ballet Festival?
who plays buck in ice age collision course
How many passengers did the airport service in 2013?
What is a graceful way to get out of a hammock?
How many strings did the Apache fiddle have?
Where did the missle launch from?
During which years was Palermo ruled by the Arabs?
Who is also being disciplined?
What is among the White House's top domestic concerns?
What is reduced with circumcision?
Where have French Troops been stationed since September 11, 2001?
Which nation subsidized indigo crops from the Lowcountry?
who died from the fast and furious cast
Who composes music for most of Spielberg's movies?
What type of music was used in traditional mass?
where did the name uriah heep come from
In what year was "The Essence of Christianity" written?
When was war declared between Britain and France?
Current central and northern Melbourne was explored by whom?
What is the green pigment in bile called?
What is the name of the main character?
What is one thing that the Necessary is detached from?
When was MDNA released?
What kind of car can compete with the Cadillac XLR-V Roadster?
 What was the name of the series of agreements that ended war for a time and allowed Napoleon to return to France?
How long did Whitehead and Russell think it would take them to complete Principia Mathematica?
In cooled glass, what types of movement stop?
What is the second shortest public railway in Europe?
who plays gaston in the beauty and the beast movie
who are the hosts of sunday nfl countdown
Who proposed a merger of many colleges in 1907?
who is petra 's mother in jane the virgin
who plays the queen 's brother in snow white and the huntsman
Which company made Spectre?
what is the term for a group of individuals that can breed and produce fertile offspring
What animal did the Spaniards or other Europeans bring to the island that then became wild inhabitants?
who is the current union railway minister of india
who played bobby byrd in get on up
Which Pali District temple is dedicated to Lord Adinath?
From the Sumerian metrology sprang forth the creation of what disciplines? 
What is the popular way for wrestlers to refer to one another?
what is the dea searching
What is the name of the human rights group that warned of a possible attack?
who plays kevin in are we there yet
How many people have been charged with murder in India?
when are both valves closed during cardiac cycle
When is the rocket launch scheduled for?
What shouldn't  you do to them on social networking sites?
What did the old letter ⟨ѭ⟩ become?
who laud efforts to keep rat poison off consumer market?
Where is the drought hitting?
What types of animals were found?
Chopin attended the funeral of who in 1839?
miss world 2017 is from which place in india
meaning of the song the dance by garth brooks
a love so beautiful wu bo song actor
who sings i love rock ' n ' roll
What is the Latin word for federalism? 
what kind of dog was eddie on frazier
sequoia national park biggest tree in the world
what does it mean to spoof a phone number
who sang i will always love you in bodyguard
What was the grad rate in 2005?
What is the name of the night blooming flower on St. Barts?
Which street in NYC today is now named after Juan Rodriguez?
who plays james bligh in a place to call home
What is an example of a free software license?
who does godzilla fight in the new movie
Toward what area did the New Haven militia march for three days following the powder house incident?
What is the religious majority in India?
Who says in editorial she knows the odds are against her getting nomination?
where are simple squamous cells found in the body
What is the last possibility?
Silkworms are used by humans for producing what?
What species are usually hunted?
Who was released from a Toronto hospital?
who plays maddie on the suite life of zack and cody
who died before the wall was finished?
how much energy in 1 gram of fat
what did biopsy reveal?
when do newborn baby kittens open their eyes
How many square miles does Hyderabad cover?
Where was Sandra found?
What type of satellites does the American GPS system use?
Where was the little girl found dead at?
who wrote the song it 's so hard to say goodbye to yesterday
what is Preliminary results give the incumbent ?
where will the 2018 winter olymics be held
What is an example of a word containing a voiceless glottal fricative?
What did michael flanagan say?
What did the iPod promote that prompted a big change in the music industry?
when was puerto rico annexed by the united states
How much is the additional charge per bag?
where is port-au-prince
what type of spanish do they speak in puerto rico
when was the university of north carolina founded
What did the agent say?
who noticed the bag
who is playing black panther in the new movie
What ISO equivalent speeds can digital cameras obtain?
How many livery companies were in the meeting that founded the college?
HTTP Secure is supported by what?
who does the voice of granny pig in peppa pig
What did they agree to do?
Who is ahead of Dani Pedrosa in standings?
when did they take prayer out of schools
How many times was the worker laid off who is trying to remain positive?
what is the message of stewardship in the bible
what are the islands in long beach ca
when did voting age become 18 in uk
When The Times was bought in 1982, who resigned as editor?
who plays roo stewart mum in home and away
The word animal is usually only used to refer to what?
What branch of physics might support a worldview similar to Platonic dualism?
pétanque popular in the south of france is also called
Bodies were found where?
What was a tourism destination?
Who identified the SV40 virus?
Why did the mail stagecoaches stop running?
When was the grandson buried?
How long will Vick serve in home confinement?
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?
What did the LEAA say was reduced 10% to 13% in Washington, DC during daylight savings?
who owns cabo wabo in cabo san lucas
What was one the rumors that Jews were doing in regard to shelters?
Tipping conventions overseas can be vastly different from those located where?
What group was formed in 1959?
Who was named most likely to be next Einstein?
In contrast to its acceptance of responsibility for keeping the pipelines new, Shell has denied what?
How many members are in the Federal Council?
where is handmaid 's tale supposed to be set
What did Mehsud do?
Who does not approve of Christianity
Where were the bodies found?
What is comprised of a stop, fricative, and aspirated release?
What will Samsung include in its TV's?
Where are two men arrested?
when was the rank of sergeant major created
who is responsible for enforcing the data protection act
how many units are in the building?
Name of the former NM governor and UN ambassador?
When did the original series run?
where did the song sweet caroline come from
When will the public attend?
the most common presentation of hirschprung disease is which of the following
what is the suspect alleged to have done
It was announced that Destiny's Child would  disban in what European city?
Athens allied with what region to eliminate Macedonian rule?
who came up with the idea to build the eiffel tower
As a tree ages, do its growth rings usually get wider or narrower?
the leader of the party with the second largest membership in the house of commons is the
who played the sheriff on sons of anarchy
where is the museum from night at the museum
Where is the Romansh culture located?
who 's flag is green white and orange
Which banana producer is this?
who sang phantom of the opera for the movie
When did Nigeria finally hold a fair election?
What defeat led to Prussia having to swear its allegiance to Napoleon?
Approximately how many troops were in the army Napoleon led into Damascus?
What percentage of marine life died during the extinction?
where was the first hockey world cup held
who has more power in italy the president or the prime minister
what is biopac and what does it do
What term is visual anthropology sometimes used interchangeably with?
What finally beat Idol in the ratings during season nine?
what is the language of antigua and barbuda
who had the most followers on instagram 2017
who won the world cup last 5 years
When did the Qing dynasty fall?
How many of Victorias daughters were carriers of the blood clotting disease that Leopold had?
where does most of our coffee come from
what is the sistine chapel and where is it located
who sang hello mother hello father here i am at camp granada
What did Leibniz argue against?
What does his mother say?
Because of distance form the sea and wide variance in temperatures, what was the interior of Pangaea like?
What does a deistic God not do?
what year was the first smokey and the bandit trans am
who plays killian on once upon a time
When was the Doha Declaration adopted?
What is the Latino high school dropout rate?
mouse game where you have to get the cheese
On what date was New Delhi inaugurated?
how many episodes of the sinner have aired
What is on the tape in question?
who wrote the song never can say goodbye
When did Hyderabad become important culturally in India?
what are the 7 wonders of modern world
What is a possible alternative to making carbon-based fuels from reduction of carbon dioxide?
What was the name of the Oakland Raiders owner?
Who is responsible for Bahrains economic growth?
What year where three officer building bought and used for a sanitarium?
what did honda do last month
Who carried out acts of revenge?
When verse was the third mention?
who was involved in the battle of mons
Who invented the first analog computer in the form of a tide-predicting machine?
The MP3 standard allows encoders to have a lot of freedom with which aspect of encoding?
Which new trend has been associated with the Jewish Renewal movement?
who was kidnapped?
How many soldiers were killed?
What does the Army Corps deny?
Who did Stuttgart lose to?
the minister of the federal capital territory of nigeria is
What country has many students that attend Al-Rashid Islamic Institute?
Which two islands remain in Paris today?
who is the movie gone girl based on
how many episodes are in seven seconds season 1
What did the orthodox leaders believe?
who came up with the 2nd law of thermodynamics
What is most disappointing to visit?
Why have wall mosaics generally not survived in the region?
What promotes not only the peace of mind but also peace in the community?
universal joint is an example of which pair
What emergency is FEMA facing?
What did the airlines do?
What government disagreed on the language used to describe the torch route?
Who did Bush name to lead an arm of the Army?
Where did the bulk of the US's starting laws come from?
How did newspapers abbreviate Leatherwood's phrase?
What does Vessel report ?
Who suspended its private student loan program on Friday?
who was the first president to be killed in office
who does evelyn end up with in pearl harbor
who wrote a bestselling book at 8 years old
Why did Gladstone resign in 1885? 
what is the main purpose of the lateral system of red and green buoys and markers
What country is pushing for sanctions against the Iranian nuclear program?
In what year did The Times resume printing news on the front page instead of small advertisements?
Where is the show being held?
Who is President Obama?
What type of religion believes that God is transcendent?
What does George W. Gill think about the veracity of the idea that race is only skin deep?
What did Athanasius do to avoid speaking to Alexander on his deathbed?
Barca defeated Tenerife with how many goals?
Aside from planning and design what other types of aspects does architecture involve?
where is the rocky mountain located on a map
How many dictionaries and encyclopedias were published between 1760 and 1769?
who captained the saint kilda football club to premiership glory in 1966
When was the death?
Who suffered a hamstring injury?
who is the girl in the grinch that stole christmas
How many people were killed in the attack?
What is the amount claimed?
Who is safe according to fire officials?
what is another name for the midwest region
what is it called when you blur the background in a photo
Who died in Portugal aged 115?
who did dane defeat?
when did french become an official language of canada
who did courtney cox play on family ties
first country to adopt christianity as state religion
How many rivers are in Punjab, Pakistan?
What is the time frame expected to be?
What video format support was added in 2009?
when did the us invaded iraq the first time
What's the reason why he can't play football ever again?
Beyonce cites Mariah Carey to making her want to start doing what?
When did the freighter Nightingale run aground?
who had their eyes gouged out in the bible
What city is known to be home to Australia's most extensive freeway network?
What languages did Aavik know?
What is the reason he is under investigation?
What does Rías Altas mean?
Who expressed interest in Hillary Clinton's office?
cell wall of bryophyta is made up of
who plays del boy in rock and chips
Who has been on death row for 20 years?
From which language did the Tsakonian language derive? 
What does the population get to vote for?
Who issued a statement?
What is the movie's subject?
atp is made using the electron transport chain and the enzyme
When did Ford Park Cemetery reopen?
english goalkeeper made his world cup debut aged 39
Who won the Singapore Grand Prix in 2008?
Who was in charge of Lithuania's Communist Party in 1989
What will travelers be asked for?
what members of FLDS face?
What instrument did the winners for five seasons in a row play?
From where do zygotes derive their genetic information?
which part of the pharynx lies behind the nasal cavity
who plays ben stiller 's son in meet the fockers
who won most national award for best actor
How many episodes of Tom and Jerry were shown in the evenings?
Who is Lohan's lawyer?
NARA is responsible for what collection of archives?
When Burke said the Indian problems 'began in commerce', where did he say the problems ended in?
what is the sons and daughters of herman
which country made the ball for world cup 2018
what was the first blu ray movie released
When was the Paris Convention?
who is the author of the war that saved my life
What vehicles were rescued by tow trucks?
The second feature of Coordinative definition involves what?
About how many hotel rooms are there in Manhattan?
what country is Dutch from?
what boosted spending?
who started the slogan of right to work in france
who got param vir chakra in kargil war
who wrote all i really want to do
What is the vowel system of Catalan?
Where will the North Korean delegation mourn Kim?
Who provides vocational training in Cork?
What is the date of World Malaria Day?
how many episodes are in seraph of the end season 2
who sings once upon a december in the movie anastasia
the name of india 's first aircraft carrier is
who are the hosts of the show making it
What countries  signed agreement on extraditions Sunday?
where was the live beauty and the beast filmed
What treaty was signing in 1815?
where are fisher and paykel washing machines manufactured
This language is the official dialect of worship for the traditional sect for church worshipers of Greece ?
What is Pink currently doing?
When was a second round announced?
Where were they riding snowmobiles?
What will be built ?
What was King Faisal's position toward Nasser?
Which students go into the Augmented Foundation Programme?
who designed it 's a small world for disney and unicef at the 1964 world 's fair
What does Phill Mickelson hint at?
What pub was the home of the Grecian Saloon?
What adult contemporary radio format is urban AC not similar to?
What did Obama do?
Where did Hayek learn about the brain?
Who will cut out some questions?
What was Chung accused of stealing?
In recognition of what event was the color red adopted for Arsenal shirts?
Where was Peterson found?
where did peter pumpkin eater put his wife
What period preceded the Little Ice Age?
what did the government declare
who gave the statue of liberty to the usa
what does the exhibition show?
What subdivision was associated with the province?
what does aunt em feed the farm hands
what is the name of the lining that immediately surrounds the lung
What does Jackosn want the executors to answer questions about?
When the newer 360 S models have their power buttons flash red, it means?
what is the definition of offer in contract law
What color tint is Longquan greenware characterized by?
where are the computers sent
What is the last period of Buddhism?
when did season 5 of longmire come out
What are the blind women called?
When did Clark make his debut?
What is the population of Bern?
What is the name of the mountain at Norfolk Island's highest point?
who won the popular vote in florida 2016
in india the express provisions of the contract act applies to
What are examples of a cell's internal environment?
what is british fans problem
What effect did the  undermining of The league of Nations have on the people?
which is the longest bridge in the asia
who did the music for the nightmare before christmas
What does FEMA not face?
what is the 118th element on the periodic table
who created the plum pudding model of the atom
what happened to the amusement park in myrtle beach
who has the fastest car in the world
the statement all living things are made of cells is an example of
where did the first hot air balloon land
What was forbidden in all provinces?
1 marla is equal to how many yard
why did the actress who played carol in friends change
What won't israel implement any more of?
What did Jackson tell Rabbi Shmuley Boteach?
What are French non standard languages called?
when did the first black lawyer in america receive his license
How many editions of Heat have been launched?
where does something wicked this way comes come from
Where did US Marines land?
Where is the Phase-two key switch to be found?
what is the name of the highest mountain in germany
What was the name of Kiarostami's film which won the Palm d'Or at Cannes in 1997? 
What is the name of the movie?
the speaker of lok sabha in india is elected by whom
What kind of style does the Neapolitan mandolin have?
Who was picked from the hotel?
who plays walder frey in game of thrones
What does Obama seek?
ndri karnal developed second clone of which animal
What has reduced the popularity of numeric LED displays?
who lashes out
when do they light the tree at rockerfeller center
who plays the brother on being mary jane
which it is the number of cases recorded by swine flu in 120 countries
By what other name is abstract expressionism known?
Who created Afro Samurai?
Who was convicted of corruption?
100 proof rum contains what percentage of alcohol
Where does the stores cannot sell alcohol?
How many Freemasons were killed under the Nazi regime?
Who is Mansour Daou?
who voiced belle from beauty and the beast
how many episodes in impractical jokers season 1
who are democrats running for governor in michigan
Reed took what academic tests in Henson's name?
who has played for the most premiership clubs
When was the USB Battery Charging Specification Revision 1.1 released?
What distance from the target was the capsule?
Who took delegate rich states?
Where do thousands demonstrate?
when does the wheel of fortune new season start
What is the number of customers without electricity?
What is the weight class
What did financial institutions do prior to the crisis?
Who won't get a pardon?
where were the pictures found?
the colorado plateau covers northern new mexico and what other state
Who drove through the Queens-Midtown Tunnel before anyone else?
who wrote reach out i 'll be there
writer of the textbook fantastic beasts and where to find them
what american death toll
the great majority of which tracts pass through the corpus callosum
when was tom brady drafted into the nfl
who proved that square root of 2 is irrational
What has been the main vision of Martin Luther`s speech?
who coined the term swaraj is my birthright
Who worked towards obtaining a extension of relations with Tibet?
What locale in Memphis is know as the place where blues was born?
actor who played cass winthrop on another world
How many children on Medicaid had tooth decay?
Who ultilized von Siemens ideas to build a succesful business?
nabard has been established on the recommendation of
Who did Chopin go to Berlin with?
One of Dell's marketing strategies is what kind of shipping?
Who initially rejected the Japanese laws mandating military service?
Which submarine reached the North Pole?
who did the song for quantum of solace
Does the halogen bulp increase, reduce, or have no effect on filament evaporation?
What year did Cecil Woodham Smith writ Victorias biography?
what Attack comes a day after three deadly attacks in Lahore?
What did Wire do with sounds, lyrics and aesthetics which different a lot from their peers?
What's the estimated population of Southampton?
how long is donovan mitchell contract with the utah jazz
Where is the immigrant staying in the US?
who won the last fifa world cup 2014
where is the world of wearable art held
who has the power to issue search warrants
What is the armed conflict form 1775 to 1783 is known as?
what is the most important court in the us
Who built the COMPASS receiver?
What percentage of concrete mixes is aggregates?
Who was the runner up on season two of American Idol?
what did Lenny Lisovicz  describe
What residents are sleeping in boxes?
is it illegal to not wear a seatbelt in america
How many died?
Who is the founder of Dell?
the repetition of initial consonant sounds is the definition of which type of literary device
when did the walking dead season 1 start
bots as part of a botnet can be controlled by hackers through
what does double yellow lines mean on a road
Soft and bendable steel is caused by what?
the branch of philosophy that deals with human issues of right and wrong is called
Who do experts warn of ?
who is the general manager of the st louis cardinals
what does the g mean in g8 summit
who sang ' my heart will go on ' from ' titanic '
What console was home to the sequel for The Wind Waker?
How many planets were the Sumerians aware of?
Who says the decision should not be hasty?
What mathematician was Von Nemann's closest friend?
where do they come from
who played mrs brown on my favorite martian
Who did the query starter lay blame upon for the festivals that surrounded Mary's inception ?
where did the term bullpen come from in baseball
who voices the baby in look who 's talking
What was canceled to concentrate on cleanup?
who introduced the first microprocessor for intel in 1971
What case has brought increased scrutiny to spains royal family?
When was the suit settled?
In what area is the first recorded use of copper?
What is supposed to stabilize?
who wrote the song the tide is high
What is Sodini accused of?
when were fire ants introduced to the us
who plays larry 's son in night at the museum
which is most abundant metal in earth crust
What did the Portuguese discover in 1488?
what were two separate events?
who played miss celie in the color purple
who played draco malfoy in a very potter musical
What was inside the car?
how many incidents
What happened since 1983?
What team did Michael Essien just sign with?
How many homes were damaged?
Who won the Battle of Midway?
In what year did New Haven commission the City Beautiful plan?
who plays thomas forrester on bold and the beautiful
What is the overall number of cholera cases
what are flying monkeys in wizard of oz called
who did shaq play for in his career
Who owned one of the other two vessels?
In what culture of law were Jews and heretics often lumped together?
What propaganda were Arab media broadcasting at the beginning of the war?
who died in the last season of the walking dead
Besides cooperating with other financial institutions, how does the ECB help to maintain stability?
Who is bidding for fifth straight line honors?
In what year was the law, barring gays from serving openly in the military, enacted?
What do secular parties think?
What state is a place for pythons to live and breed?
who played hotel manager in home alone 2
What type of Jews are Moshe and ChanaLeah Nunez?
What is the name of the Cyclone?
Who died in Zurich on February 27?
The basal ganglia is thought to be the central location at which what are made?
what's the amount of Starbucks cafes to close?
which it is the danger of this storm
What aircraft was hijacked?
What ship runs between Saint Helena and Cape town on 5 day voyages?
kung fu panda secrets of the furious five viper
The United States has how many Freemason members?
What number were arrested?
How many orthodox philosophies are in Hindu?
Who was Kerry's paternal grandmother?
What two conditions apply to good immunological study?
Harff and Gurr's definition of genocide included the promotion and execution of what, by a state or its agents?
What was Victoria like, physically?
What is the island under jurisdiction of?
what type of grass is wimbledon played on
Who rebuilt the basilica of Saint Denis?
What were the talks about?
when did the song ca n 't touch this come out
When was the Canada First Defence Strategy introduced?
what is the fastest steam train in the world
What is an example of a gymnosperm?
which amendment is central to understanding the debate concerning the right to bear arms
What is Ayers the former leader of?
What was Luis Aguilar doing?
Where was the fictionalized "Chopin" produced?
In what systems is the political party allowed to legally hold effective power?
How many Prussian soldiers were captured at the battles of Jena and Auerstedt?
who is the new elected president of ecuador
What is he most famous for?
what was the first oceans movie with george clooney
What type of women are missing out on promotions?
Who was voted PGA Player of the Year by his peers?
What percent of Chinese Filipinos in the Philippines spoeak Hokkien?
What have the crackers been linked to?
when did england last qualify for world cup semi finals
how much episodes are in game of thrones season 7
where did kcr for the first time started haritha haram
What does some say about automaker's tests?
What was captured on video by a bystander?
how many troops fired?
When was Westminster Diocese dissolved?
when did the singer from the cranberries die
What's the paramount title of the Tuamasaga district?
What religion are the members?
What is the success rate for male Aeta hunters?
What rank is the Chief Secretary?
How many times did they fight?
who played kitty in pride and prejudice 1995
Boston was overtaken by Salem, Massachusetts in what type of trade? 
What does successful migration depend on for some waders?
Who brought them here
What does Virg Bernero say?
Which family member came to Paris in June 1849?
who played james west on wild wild west
How long is the recording?
Who is being called to step aside?
who is the present vice president of lok sabha
What did kidnapped couple issue a plea for?
Which actions will not be prosecuted?
Where did the capital city move in 1817?
What store did the shooting take place?
who does elena choose in the vampire diaries
What was the estimated value of CDO issuance in Q1 2008?
how many miles is charlotte nc from the coast
who owns the most of the us debt
Who annexed the County of Portugal into the Kingdom of Asturias?
when did kate chopin write the story of an hour
who is the lead singer for fall out boy
who won the second series of the great british bake off
Who was Banasur's murderer?
The car accident that left Pendergrass in what condition?
who is the first master chef of india
how many gates are there in the new jerusalem
Who wanted to replace the stadtholders with a republican structure?
What was crippled?
Some of the free people of color migrated from what state during the 18th century?
Who was sid to be a harsh disciplinarian?
what happens after blind auditions on the voice
Who were the Germanic tribes fleeing?
When Frank Hatley was jailed
What does the curator say?
to which is applied the discount?
who called the middle ages the dark ages
Who has been sacked by West Ham United?
Where have tornadoes been sighted?
who plays luke 's dad on the oc
Since when did the Somalia have an unstable government ?
How large will the two Queen Elizabeth ships be?
Where was a terrorist attack threatened?
Where did Freemasonry originate?
What was Johnson's nickname?
who plays charles on the have and have nots
How many of the six pramanas does yoga accept?
mention the name of two newspapers edited by mahatma gandhi
which american landmark did the other side burn down in august 1814
when did the movie 101 dalmatians come out
Britain tried to influence Prussia to take what action?
Where did the US buy land from in the Gadsden Purchase?
How many objects have been left?
which actor won an academy award for his role as forrest gump
Who won the final?
who plays justin morgan in home and away
An apartment in Hong Kong recently sold for a record how many million?
what are the words from palin?
What age was Carol Ann Gotbaum?
Beyonce, during October 2014, partnered with whom to produce an outdoor line of clothing?
Who did the Atlantic City Redevelopment Authority partner with in 1999?
when did the white star line go out of business
What mountain range is east of Tucson?
where did the emperor 's new groove take place
is a name a noun or a pronoun
Who was in doubt on a trip?
java trench is the deepest point of which ocean
Which city was occupied by the Lerdista forces?
Who has been cracking down illegal sales of moonshine?
How were opportunities limited in the principate for the citizens of Rome?
who is the character at the end of the avengers
ceasefire line of kashmir came into existence in
Why was Spielberg's Cecil B. DeMille Award postponed from 2008?
How many candidates remained by the end of the Iowa caucuses, in January 2004?
who is the minister of finance in south africa
Who is Cristina Rodriguez?
Who want to demand Tibet's independence?
Where was the central point of pearl trading?
What self-help book did the priest write?
What do officials say?
How many died in the attack?
what is the economic and social council of the un
What kind of investigations have skyrocketed?
Who put down the rebellions?
what did the cavaliers wear in the english civil war
where does the source of the amazon river start
What did Bangladeshi president distribute?
Indonesia Baby is three times
What EQ settings were known to have issues with bass distortion?
what is the name of india's financial capital
who ran for president in the election of 1892
What wild animal was recently found roaming urban areas in Portugal?
Who was elected president of South Korea on July 20, 1948?
What road does the Südschnellweg start out as?
which is the latest edition of oxford dictionary
who sings the monday night football game song
who has the most super bowls as a player
who scored the most goals in the premier league in a season
who is the richest paid athlete in the world
when did the nba start using breakaway rims
When was the original punk movement?
What type of person would use bronchial thermoplasty as an option?
who will be the judges on americas got talent
What is the literal translation of Nkhosi?
what does the saying apple of my eye mean
In what year could Nepal be said to have been discovered by the outside world?
who do the cubs play in the world series last year
What did the citizens of Sudan protest?
Who is engaged?
Worldwide, how many Jews were there in 1939?
Who showed off his prepper side in high school?
who gave the statue of liberty to the us
Who disbanded the protest in Delhi?
What island was once a part of Long Island?
Who has said the Sanskrit is dead?
what is the active ingredient in ortho home defense
 What unit is used to measure current?
What number of coins has been found
when does the first baseball game start 2018
What do officials want to do?
when does gotham season 4 start in 2018
who plays general talbot on agents of shield
who is rachel bilson
What is the main focus of the Marshall Islands' economy?
what do you call a person with two sexes
At what stage was the 66 year old woman who had cancer?
Name the British glamour model
how much has drug use increased in the last four years?
when was the epistle to the romans written
What was Eisenhower's cause of death?
who plays max in how the grinch stole christmas
Police say they have how many confessions?
What was wrong with the anti aircraft units?
Where were the fossil found?
In what month did Tucson get the most snow?
what is the name of thor s hammer
Mayweather has how much money guaranteed?
What past president of the Barcelona club committed suicide in 1930?
When will Clinton suspend presidential campaign?
Who criticized Madonna's charity efforts, stating that she exaggerated her contributions?
Tha Appalacian mountains and foothills make up a region of what state?
What is Alastair Campbell going to testify about?
What was the rate of decline that Dell experienced in PC shipments?
Where is the airport located on the island?
Who said she "needed to stay" for her daughter?
who played jason street on friday night lights
Who set up "Pints for Prostates"?
What don't smaller groups have?
For what will the bodies be tested?
How many people were affected by the salmonella outbreak?
How many viewers did the half-time show attract?
Who was in a standoff with the U.S. over nuclear weapons?
What region of North Carolina has hotter summers and colder winters than the coast?
What is Rupert Murdoch's apology for?
what are the 5 goals of us foreign policy
Who was arrested for carrying a weapon?
once upon a time who wins the final battle
Since when has environmental damage in Thuringia been reduced?
Who was charged with illegal possession of animals?
Where did Jenkins sail the record breaking 202km/hours
writer of 10 things i hate about you
What are police sensitive to?
How often do earthquakes that lead to serious loss of life occur?
Which literary work used the fictional narrator Mr. Spectator to entertain and provoke discussion regarding serious philosophical matters?
Which two commercial businesses produce more Superfund toxic waste sites than GE?
how much does the new tappan zee bridge cost
who played cruella deville in once upon a time
Boston police and local groups make an effort toprevent youth from doing what?
who apologizes to Obama for remarks?
when is memory allocated for static variable in c++
Until how long did South Korea ban Japanese cultural products?
what is she planning to do
The Vacuum state is considered what?
What program is more effective than jail time?
in which colony was lexington and concord located
What was banned by Israel in mid-1960s?
who wrote song to make you feel my love
When was the Battle of Agincourt?
where was the movie season of the witch filmed at
how many episodes in season four of 12 monkeys
What did Macintosh clones succeed in increasing for Macintosh?
who plays mr oak in far from the madding crowd
who plays ted how i met your mother
Which way did Buffet vote in the bid for Cadbury?
where did they film once upon a time
What did Obama's daughter do this summer?
What is the act called?
Where is Mount Nyamuragira?
When did the march take place?
In what state did barbarian invaders establish kingdoms?
Who was beaten?
Saqaliba served as what?
Who were well known authors covering the post-punk era?
which members of the royal family live in buckingham palace
the area which separates pakistan from tajikistan is called
When are Beaks required to wear a form of school dress?
Why was a subject ordered to appear to Pop-Tanning in old trousers?
what is the fifth biggest state in the united states
What has gone viral?
How many albums have Idol contestants created as of 2013?
who has the most title wins in wwe
who played the smoking man in x files
What type of kings brought the Gothic style from France to Southern Italy?
who does elena really love in vampire diaries
Which beach is in the top of the 2010 beaches list?
What is the standoff over?
when did greece become independent from the ottoman empire
What humanitarian concept did Montini see nationalism as violating?
Who is seeking custody of Tripp Palin?
where does the ureter connect to the kidney
What is the value of the stimulus plan
What kind of store is Printemps an example of?
How many Oklahomans speak only English at home, as of 2000?
what season does callie leave grey 's anatomy
where did the hope diamond get its name
where does the rh negative factor come from
when does the new god of war release
who is the commissioner for health in rivers state
who is opening for pink 2018 in boston
What is the minimum age for Olympic gymnasts?
How many people evacuated to Houston after Hurricane Katrina?
What do agencies learn from Hurricane Katrina?
What are examples of classes of eukaryotes where genome only refers to the information found in chromosomes?
What was the airline involved in the crash?
Along with wedding receptions, when is xalwo often consumed?
What is the Bangladeshi president distributing
What instrument did Apolo play?
How long was Kardashian married?
Aid agencies have criticized some African countries because of what?
where is the iron bowl being played today
At what did Hollis fail?
what are the numbers on the shirts of england cricketers
where was the movie the 6th day filmed
Where can one find the Srijana Contemporary Art Gallery?
From the 1970s until 1997, The Times supported what political party?
Did anyone other than the foreign minister move aside?
What is the swine flu focusing attention on?
Who did Pat Hingle play in "Batman"?
What power are legislative courts not allowed to exercise?
What is the downside of using a lossless format?
Who are the victims of attacks?
what are the 2 main languages in afghanistan
who signed the civil rights act of 1964
when was the magna carta signed and who was it intended to protect
What country joined Egypt and Syria against Israel?
What position did the people hold at the camps?
who wrote give me a home among the gum trees
What feature does Southampton have plenty of that provides for water sports and yachting?
whose ceremony was that?
Who reported a $270 million loss?
When will reflections not be coherent?
Where will the heat wave hit?
who wrote when will i see you again
When did Mariska Hargitay suffer a collapsed lung?
What was the first Latin phrase used by the Royal Institute?
aspirin is a widely used drug . what kind of medicine is it
Who is the leader of Israeli opposition party?
who is an environmental hero?
who was the president of the united states in 1954
What are Stromatolites?
Who should have invited Reagan to bill signing?
Where did the explosion occur?
How much did it cost to make one 20 GB PS3?
who has won the isle of man tt the most times
what is the opening part of the declaration of independence called
What is the date of St. George's Night?
What is the name of the a cappella musical that debuted Off-Broadway in the same year as Perfect Harmony?
who sings the song step into my world
What is one action this monarch took that is typically left to the discretion of parliament?
What did social order mandate be strictly enforced?
Who ruled while Kangxi was young?
Who missed the chance to go second in table?
what is the capital state of new jersey
Who was in Britain's got talent?
Who did Ed Henry sit with?
Who was the cardinal that was fired?
where is indira point located in india map
when did black panther debut in marvel movies
What team does Cristiano Lucarelli play for?
What effect do cages have on the spectrum of usable frequencies?
What occurred near El Tovar hotel in village?
Who published a Cyborg Manifesto?
who Obama cites potential thaw in U.S. relations with?
who is the world 's biggest selling female artist
who was the king after david in the bible
who is the bad guy in silent hill
Who had won it?
What was the average family size in Atlantic City?
who says Obama invitation "a basis for further positive engagement"?
What happened to the Japanese fleet when nearly all oil imports were cut off?
Who was catapulted into spotlight after TV appearance last month?
what type of game is zelda breath of the wild
What person was she critical of?
Who approved the supplementary negative budget drafted by the Estonian government?
Who traveled the US for inspiration?
How much does the program cost?
what are the approximate eastern and western boundaries of the mississippi watershed
who sings knocking on heavens door in the 100
What was Alexander Pichushkin found guilty of?
In what year did The Times make an endorsement for Barack Obama?
Where are the Saores based?
how many birds died
What religion did Irish and Italian immigrants bring with them to Boston?
When are the Tea Party activists holding their rally?
What country eliminated Euro 2008?
What does MailSail list?
Who were the hostages?
when was the medical card introduced in ireland
What order of magnitude of capacitance is suitable for capacitors comprised of ceramic disks with metallic coatings?
who does zoey deutch play in set it up
How many did the riots leave dead?
which greek flew too close to the sun
What was the French view about the dismemberment of Prussia?
Who is talking a lot?
Who appears as Dante's guide through hell and purgatory in the Divine Comedy?
How many brigades does the Army consist of?
What legislation did the US introduce to try and help the NPOs?
What activity often results in a boy's first ejaculation?
where does the strip loin steak come from
when was the charter of rights and freedoms made law in canada
when do the yankees wear their pinstripe uniforms
When do celebrations open?
What genre of music does Uffie perform?
where did they film the battle of hoth
Where is the office?
What is Maria Shriver's relation to President John F. Kennedy
what did  exposed to drug in the womb?
Who was Zhengde's successor? 
who prosecutes criminal offences within the english legal system
What was the result of the march?
Where did Sir Francis Drake attack in 1585 and again in 1589?
What has zinc replaced in pipe organs?
when did the us begin using daylight savings time
What plant was brought to St. Barts from the Mediterranean?
What did the Peruvian president say?
Mitch McConnell reviewer?
when did penn state entered the big 10
What or who is a transplant tourist?
In what year did Germany buy the Marshalls from Spain?
Who's house arrest does not expire for six more months?
who decides the death penalty
How long was Obama's call?
who plays kyle in the young and the restless
where does adventures of huckleberry finn take place
What would keep Wall Street confident?
how many century of virat in odi and test
which country lead new zeland?
Who operates the public schools in Raleigh?
Who voices character of Speckles the mole in "G-Force"?
Was anyone killed in the bus accident?
What changed worldwide property drasrically?
when is a match slated between pacquiao and Mayweather?
What event turned Hori Cretan into a hero?
what is one of the main causes for famine in the world today
Who did the navicella mosaic depict walking on water?
who is the president of nicaragua right now
how many la salle schools in the world
which u.s. president was born on the forth of july
when does minecraft story mode episode 5 come out
Whose ascendancy did Burke think was malignant?
From what country was the supertanker?
what is the name of the island east of the bridge in san francisco bay
In what city was Delany's New Mart opened? 
Which states are going to be tough for democrats?
What was the population of the island in 1814?
who visits the Ducati factory in Bologna, meets Moto champ Casey Stoner?
What did Ruby Dean Dupree Mayes say?
name of actor who plays mayhem in allstate commercials
What city in Israel is a sister city to Philadelphia?
What length extension was Park Ji-Sung given on his Man Utd contract
How did Microsoft attempt to deal with potential heat-related expansion with GPU and CPU components?
Which is expected to hit land by Sunday evening?
when did the 6th harry potter book come out
what is tent of meeting in the bible
Which country did not attend?
What caused him to get suspended?
What state's law says that death sentences must take place in an "enclosure"?
Who provided incentives for Israelis to settle in the occupied West Bank?
How can you identify a duck from other poultry?
In what historical period did the different types of Germanic languages stop being collectively understood?
what is the top selling candy in america
which country is the largest producer of copper
what is the tallest building in the northern hemisphere
Who is the Mayor of Cincinnati?
Where does their match take place?
where did Frank Lloyd Wright want the magnate to sleep
who chooses who will be the speaker of the house in the georgia general assembly
who does the voice of freight train on cleveland show
What is Obama expected to do on Tuesday?
how many seats are required for official party status ontario
Who asked the judge to do this?
Where was the increase in seismic activity noted?
Which Democratic nominee declared his intention to enter into the presidential race, in the fall of 2003?
Where did Prejean publicly oppose same-sex marriage?
Haitians say they must play a central role in what?
Who had the sentence?
What happened to Joseph I in 1758?
What was the Supreme Court opinion on the matter ?
who played the phantom in the phantom of the opera
when was the secret life of walter mitty written
Where was Thomas R. Steels a member?
What did Eisenhower want to be done to the Eisenhower Pine?
Whose is THE IMMORTAL World Tour?
earths entire equatorial climate zone is generally a belt around earth that has
Authors of literature frequently reference what antecedents?
what does cj on a license plate mean
who wrote there 's no business like show business
According to Hamid, what real problem looms on?
who is having discussions
When was the first female ascent on Mont Blanc?
What did Chopin compose after hearing Niccolo Paganini?
what term is used to describe a childs inability to see the world
What was introduced to the diet on a molecular level that prevented the sailors from contracting the disease?
What organization likes the term "circuit card assembly" for boards that have already been assembled?
what was the name of the premier league?
What did the new post-punk artists believe?
what is the function of the interventricular septum in the heart
who was Kigali governor in 1994?
who devised the calculator known as the step reckoner
what is the role of phenol red in the mannitol salt medium
Who grew up in a polygamous community?
when did the rule of east india company end in the sub-continent
who is barack obama
Where is Bilal Ahmed from?
who plays julia roberts daughter in the movie mother 's day
Who was a controversial figure due to a corked-bat incident?
when was the last time cleveland browns made the playoffs
in which part of the book can we find a glossary
what happened in chad
what did ted call lily in the grinch episode
How old is Claudia Castillo?
What color are reversing indicator lamps?
which country in latin america sends the largest number of legal immigrants to the united states
who has more trophies man utd or liverpool
What does dual-currency economy allow for?
who plays tara 's mom on true blood
What may no person within Georgia be deprived of the privilege of doing in any manner agreeable to them?
John launched his new fleet to attach the French where?
What are the majority of transportation options?
What did the French navy lack in engaging coastal defenses?
who wrote fallin ' all in you shawn mendes
who is responsible for electing the president in south africa
Are geese an important part of the poultry industry?
What did it result in elder Kerrigan falling?
who became the first president of the bhartiya janta party
total episodes in season 7 game of thrones
where 's a human liver located in the body
Who urged decriminalization?
What pub is associated with some of Jack the Ripper's victims?
what is problem in rich states?
where does the saying said the actress to the bishop come from
Roughly how many people are part of EmoNet?
MediaOne merged with what telecommunications company?
What will the crackdown affect?
How could Sarton's ideas be described?
What are started to be a source of international law in the preamble in The Law of Treaties?
who came up with the idea of youtube
What company was cutting jobs?
How is she being fed?
who plays the part of valerie on days of our lives
What does Puckett's organization do?
What is the name of the thertrical style exemplified?
average rate of seafloor spreading east of juan de fuca ridge
Who said that thousands of pro-Beijing supporters would be bused in?
What organization organized the protests Nasser witnessed?
where was the lord of the rings filmed
What is the overwhelming ethnic majority in Nanjing?
Who governs Venezuela?
who sings the song i hear you knocking
How many did the 1985 Mexico City quake kill?
Who left the company after a teenager died awaiting a transplant?
What event triggered the closure?
What were 50,000 people displaced because of>
who won the wizard tournament in wizards of waverly place
Which Nizam defeated by the Indian Army?
What will the lower limbs of a tree usually do during development?
which mythological figures adopted and raised by a king of mithila
Where was the suspect arrested?
where is machu picchu located on a world map
who won the first nascar all star race
What is the earliest known angiosperm?
Who has been in a coma?
What type of weather condition caused the deaths?
How many people did the wreck kill?
what star wars movie came out before the last jedi
Judge sets bail at how mauch?
what happened to doc in the cars 2 movie
Who says he got the video?
where is its always sunny in philadelphia filmed
who won the latest food network star 2018
who sang i did n 't sleep at all last night
Which animal infested the mudflats in the area
Who invented the idea of a "table-of-commonsense"?
What blasts off monday?
What can override natural selection?
where did he go to school
What is used to signal toward a reciever?
What was the source of the conflict?
what part of the philippines is marawi city
who played the wife in wolf of wall street
when does olivia remember peter in season 4
Is an eldery person with alzheimers having the same problem as a similar aged person experiencing memory loss?
Spoleto Festival USA is a counterpart to what Italian festival?
What did Blair agree to in order to get the support of Rupert Murdoch?
who sings the song never gon na give you up
What new agency did Bush create after 9/11?
where does the yellow brick road lead to
What does one law require?
when is wait wait do n 't tell me recorded
how many minutes is the new stephen king movie it
What is the number of children they had together?
In what Somali enclave in Kenya have Somalis invested over $1.5 billion?
when did leeds united win the fa cup
Who threatened to blow up the Supreme Court?
when did the song drinking problem come out
who played charles holy roman emperor in the tudors
What is an organism that can regrow lost arms?
Second to Africa, what is Brazil have the largest population of?
Who has 47.3 percent of the vote?
who was in charge of creating a consitution and a working democracy in japan
when was the deepwater horizon oil spill capped
Which state was affected?
Who had a record of domestic violence?
who is the second ranking leader in the house
When did Ranjit Singh die?
What is an example of a copper alloy dollar?
the ability of a telescope to see details is called
who won the first season of the four
what is cowell doing
What was the event that ended religious unity in the Western Church?
What university is in this part of Raleigh?
The most well supported theory on the origins of the Ashkenazim is one that details a Jewish migration through which modern day country?
where is the tv show stranger things filmed
Which record label was the soundtrack album released on?
Why was Frederick's defeat of Daun so costly?
Who was the Scottish manager?
when did spain give the united states full control of the philippines
When did the Cubs choose to leave Catalina Island?
who sings how do you solve a problem like maria
What year did Prince Albert die?
What helped ATC controllers in their drive ot keep ahead of the postwar boom in commercial air transportation?
How long is the losing run?
In what year did Deutsche Universal-Film AG open?
Who is Obama trying to win over in S. Carolina?
A 4.7 magnitude earthquake that affected New Delhi occurred on what date?
when does jeff come back to american dad
what are the giant cactus called in arizona
What concert hall holds 4,000 seats?
where is the famous guantanamo bay prison located
In what year was pre and extra marital sex outlawed by the Catholic church?
what was not a surprise
where is north carolina a t state university
how long do mocking birds stay in the nest
who plays kate hudson brother in bride wars
tu cheez badi hai mast mast old song singer name
What Christians did Kangxi allow in his court?
What abbreviation would the IPC use for an assembled circuit board?
Who is the current New Jersey Governor?
What determines the effect on the emulsion after exposure?
Which three Atlantic archipelagos did Portugal discover?
what is the voltage in residential power lines
In what year was the seismometer first invented?
What does the group want to impose?
In what city did Sony hold their 2006 PlayStation Business Briefing?
What was the final Famicom game released in North America?
How many days does Malmedy's festival take place before Shrove Tuesday?
when did scotland become a part of great britain
when does sara tancredi come back to prison break
What control did Eisenhower use to push through desegregation?
Capitalization of significant words refers to which family of typographic conventions?
In what city did Beyonce grow up?
Who did they defeat?
what document was created to limit the kings power in england
Why did Dominic travel to Denmark in 1203?
what is the holy of holies in the old testament
What did Mexican police say?
where do most of new zealand refugees come from
when did friends by justin beiber come out
What did the minister say
What was the name of the project to create a geographical database?
who is one of the founding fathers of symbolic interactionism
Where did a lot of Germans settle? 
Who is Laura Ling?
How many planes will Aircell have equipped by the end of the year?
who won the football league championship in 1968
What is a notable architectural feature of the basilica?
Who insists that the region should remain autonomous?
When was the official tally of students killed in the earthquake released?
Which singer did Beyonce honor by entertaining with her song "Deja Vu"?
what is the longest running tv show in the philippines
Who has Jose Mourinho extended his contract with?
when do they find out about alex drake
what year did the first ipod touch come out
Respiration for insects happens without what?
when was come thou fount of every blessing written
Which French city did not recognize the Rot-un-Wiss flag?
What did the ammunition include?
What economic philosophy was associated with the West?
How many people have had to leave their homes in this region?
who starred in why did i get married
What hapened to England?
when did the vikings first come to britain
What do Republicans say about resignation?
what channel is vision tv on shaw cable
What is the name of the indigenous leader who called for end of political persection
What did they claim about the BBC report?
What temperature makes a glacier polythermal?
who wrote the lyrics for porgy and bess
What is happening to record sales?
who is world's first commercially cloned dog?
Where do the superior artists and scientists of Mexico City have the option to attend?
In what supreme court case was it ruled that FBI wiretaps did not violate the Fourth Amendment?
what is the nearest metro station to new delhi railway station
What does the Russian military appear to be in control of?
What comment did the trustee make?
who is the city of san francisco named after
What body of water was dredged for the material used for reclamation?
who used to host whose line is it anyway
When was hydrogen gas artificially produced for the first time?
What type of cancer does he have?
Who didn't know Jackson's daughter would speak?
What do query languages support in abstract interpretation frameworks?
five stages in the consumer purchase decision process
who does the voice of the wolf in narnia
Which three countries share the PAL A region?
who is the star of the movie taken
where does the river jordan flow out into
When did Frazier fight Muhammad Ali?
who designed the bird 's nest in beijing
where is the world cup final taking place
What was Al-Hussein told about her clothes?
How do we know that wine was made in ancient Egypt?
when did this happen?
where will they go
powers of the national government stated in the u.s. constitution are called
What nanocrystals possess unique optical properties?
Who is being used as a model?
What did the president lie about?
Who wants police to see if slaying was a hate crime?
who is the highest goal scorer for real madrid
what is expected to dump
Who will the president have dinner with?
What amount does the company say that Ukrain owes?
What will the Supreme Court not block?
when did the movie to sir with love come out
Where did Columbus believe he had arrived?
How long did it take for Myanmar to recover from the collapse of it's first kingdom ?
when did the philippines become an independent country
What is there potential for?
who sings out here on my own in fame the musical
where is the dakota building in new york
Most of the early extant evidence for the origins of Mhayana comes from what type of translations?
The indirect method also helped for projects with what kinds of areas?
the articles of confederation implemented the principle of
Who is ING group?
Which team did he play for
What is Mirella Biano's occupation?
On which month and day did Saturnalia start?
when was the first national bravery award given
Which section of the Great Wall are people being encouraged to visit?
Where was the quake?
Where was Chopin invited to in late summer?
china one child policy what is the punishment
how many refugees are arriving every month on Kenya's Dabaab camp
What is the term for sincere traditional-style architecture that sticks to regional architecture?
When did the Tibetan government sign the Simla Accord with Britain?
Kitt made a name for herself in which TV series?
who sang the song cotton fields back home
Who is the author of the biodiversity research paper?
what is the name of the capital of usa
who invested tha first stock ticker in 1867
What was the cash believed to be for?
which parish is the smallest parish in jamaica
where does the coexist bumper sticker come from
The use of what caused the end of the use of streetcars in 1941?
What director is wise to turn Farrell and Tennant loose?
What type of personnel are the additional 10,000?
What made Darren Scully resign?
who plays craig in ronny chieng international student
Where is Israel's economy ranked?
Who was inaugurated?
When did the study track oxygen levels?
Who will undergo a medical exam?
What did people think that she did to become a drag on McCain?
Who oversees and manages the London Fire Brigade?
who played spencers mom in pretty little liars
for what reason are they in afghanistan?
What was the subject of the front page on 22 September 2003?
where did the don t tread on me flag come from
what does certifications mean on a job application
How many crosstown streets are mapped in the Commissioner's Plan of 1811?
when did the louisiana purchase start and end
who played dave on alvin and the chipmunks
What are the first three Rush albums?
What state is American Idol contestant Clay Aiken from?
When was Kim Jong II's death anounced?
who played cornbread in cornbread earl and me
What percent said no to deal?
when did the maid of the mist begin
The National Aeronautics and Space Act was established in what year?
Who is believed, among Sunnis,  to be the political successor of the Prophet?
who sang am i living in a box
What did Mahmoud tell the Sudanese?
Who died on Christmas Eve?
who played thade in planet of the apes
How many major papers does Denver have?
what could see swells?
What areas experience periodic flooding from rapid snowmelt and runoff?
who wrote i hold on by dierks bentley
Do fluorescent lights have a higher or lower luminous efficiency than incandescents?
What has he worked on
who gained control of congress in the midterm elections in 1946
What group is Mali's sole legislative party?
north korea is bordered by what three bodies of water
who was the japanese leader during world war ii
who did the original song stand by me
What did the Dominican Order fight against?
one of the nco 's chief responsibilities is to
Which two countries can you purchase Beyonce's clothing line?
when does the regular 2018 baseball season start
What descriptive name was Op. 10, No. 12 given?
is the descendants a movie or tv show
who came up with the idea of assassin 's creed
What idea did Sigmund Freud bring to the table?
who has the biggest contract in professional sports
who wrote the hairy maclary series of books
How many of the 466 babies from the UK expectant mothers have experienced birth defects so far?
how much amount was paid for pic?
When did Gaddafi's mother die?
Who was his team-mate?
Who invaded Poland on 1 September 1939? 
where was the movie palm trees in the snow filmed
how many people is the World Food Programme hoping to reach within a week?
What did Tara Wall say?
Whats Ban Ki Moon's view on the campaign?
What population has become more diverse?
how many goals did egypt score
when was to kill a mockingbird first published
What gene needs to be deleted to cause obesity in mice?
What began in 1254 
What do they want to limit him to?
What did Chopin add to the modern dance of his era?
shania twain that do n 't impress me much year
What kind of aid do they receive?
How many military colonies were established by the state?
when was the salt tax imposed by the british government
Which album of Led Zeppelin's was one of the albums selected?
What is Kourtney Kardashian's son named?
applications of hess 's law of constant heat summation
Where did the car bomb attack?
Where is Bike Week being held?
who answers directly to the speaker of the house
How many years ago did "Forgotton Australian" end?
Since what date has asphalt been used for road paving in the US?
In what century was polygenism most widespread?
where does the water for lake las vegas come from
what is the meaning of atukulu in english
What can schools do to help children led to better work lives?
Who replaced with Philippe Varin?
What is the most popular sport in the United Kingdom?
what allied nation was the first to reach the german capitol of berlin
where was he found?
What did Nasser work to put into place in Egypt?
Do other health concerns happen less frequently or more frequently with asthma?
Which 2 Chinese travel sites are named in a suit?
Who said the girl on the tape was not Madeleine
Where are the Maritime Forces Atlantic located?
who plays claudio in much ado about nothing 1993
Who was grabbed from her bedroom?
Ṣalībī comes from the word ṣalīb, which means what?
What was the benefit of 45/45 stereo sound?
What sector does the STC oversee?
what happened to chucky 's mom in rugrats
Who is too close to the agency?
What allows users to easily sync data between an iPhone and a Mac?
Juarez sits across the Rio Grande from El Paso, Texas
the simpsons episode where marge plays online game
when did the us become allies with britain
what year did the great outdoors come out
What was the length of Beckham's contract with Los Angeles Galaxy?
Who acquired the parent company of the music service Beyoncé owns part of?
Who was Randy Pausch?
How can users utilize the Kinect to interact with their 360 consoles?
where does gulliver travel to in part 1
who voiced darth maul in the clone wars
what is Hudson set to do
who voices the koala in we bare bears
What did the FDA urge?
who is the dad on chrisley knows best
What is the main reason the US-led coalition won a decisive victory in the Persian Gulf War?
What is an example of a team of former college players?
who won the 1948 election in south africa
What does Bonilla-Silva contend racism is about more than anything else?
What did changing the status of the abbey create?
Where will the former first lady spend the night?
What was suspended?
who won the first world series of poker at binions
who wrote music for the good the bad and the ugly
Beyonce mostly releases English songs, but what other language did she release songs?
What does the Iranian government repeatedly deny?
Which superstar was abused?
The acidity of what ingredient acts as a preservative in beer?
How many deaths has ETA been blamed for?
What were early record album covers made of?
who discovered positive and negative charges in atoms
What language was made the only official variation in 1976?
who dies in harry potter and the half blood prince
what Also steps down as head of Interpol, although charges?
what is another name for the caribbean islands
Which Armenian football team was the most successful?
who is the lead singer for counting crows
What turns up in front of New Jersey home?
A 2010 leaked communication revealed that Shell claimed to have inserted what into which entities?
What are other incentives that NPO emplotees can be offered instead of higher wages?
How many airline employees were accused?
Who says he learned of his father's death while he was in Italy?
Aside from the ARB, what other organization offers accreditation services for schools serving architects?
Why were decoy towns used in WW2
What is radio frequency electromagnetic classified as?
who won the first afl premiership in 1897
when did atlanta braves win the world series
when was season 5 of prison break released
Who is customarily divided along geographical lines into tree major subgroups?
Who became a connoisseur of jewels?
when did skeleton get added to the olympics
What was the name of Queensland's political party set up solely to support their particular DST arrangement?
In the U.S., where is copyright infringement contested?
How much of Earth's ice is in Antarctica?
when was the man who sold the world released
the division of the nucleus and its contents is called
when was the plaque put on the statue of liberty
What did Deamonte Driver die from?
what is the toll of dead and ill in northeaster part ?
What is the amount of the reward that is offered?
Where are regulations published?
When did the car drove off road ?
What were the crew members cleaning?
when does the miami dade county fair end
Who tipped police?
What branch did Northwestern open in Education City, Doha, Qatar?
How did Owen respond to On the Origin of Species with his review?
What alcoholic beverage consumption  risen over 15 years?
who starred in he 's just not that into you
what was recorded
What did Obama say?
how many episodes in season 4 of outlander
who is the pilot?
description given to zero on the beaufort scale
what did the red cross say
where was the movie the thorn birds filmed
what was the crisis?
Where was Philip stationed during WWII?
which movie won the 89 oscar award in 2017 for best movie category
This type of stage make-break timing allows for what?
what did egypt do
When did Holmes die?
What did Madrid return to the top of?
What will the church do?
what do you call a person from chihuahua mexico
Who withdraws from race for GOP nomination?
when was the last time vikings played on thanksgiving
Galvao has denied illegally obtaining what?
how many episodes in the nanny season 1
What was it that Rangers conceded
In what year was Upper Alsace sold to the Archduke Sigismund?
a language used for describing the appearance of a printed page is called
what is the name of the large city in southeastern nevada
what was in the photos?
What country did the King and Queen visit in July 1944?
most goals scored in a single game world cup
On what date was the country renamed the Russian Socialist Federative Soviet Republic?
Which range of months is Tennessee's wettest?
where does it say the ten commandments in the bible
Why did flowering plants develop numerous morphological and physiological mechanisms?
who won the fifa world best player 2001
who is the female singer in all that remains
who did golden state play in the conference finals last year
who is the lady that sings wild horses
What former contestant did Ace Young ask to marry him?
What is the date of Michael Jackson's death?
What other president did the Jenkins Orphanage play for other than Taft?
when did because of winn dixie come out
What happened to the French President while jogging?
How many coelomata do leeches have?
What did the Chinese media focus on as far as human rights protesters?
What did the Russian cruiser halt?
which was the first of the original thirteen colonies
What are the concerns with anitbiotics?
where did they get the name french fries
who plays mona in who 's the boss
where is coal valley supposed to be in when calls the heart
when do atoms in a molecule have lone pairs
what 67-year-old suffers from degenerative condition known?
who sings kirk franklin now behold the lamb
what coast guard says
what is the purpose of the ottawa charter
Who stars in the shows on TV this summer?
What was his contribution to?
when is the advance auto parts clash at daytona
What part of Oklahoma is Cross Timbers in?
What did the politician try to smuggle?
What country borders south Estonia?
who wrote the song how do you like me now
Strict class hierarchy was established by who?
who is playing halftime in the super bowl this year
What did rights group do?
Which organization claims that private sector employers believe having a diverse workplace is beneficial?
What age are most Israelis drafted into the military?
when does wreck it ralph 2 cone out
what does Cretan says about the boy?
Who did President-elect Barack Obama mingle with
where are the filmmakers from
Who is having an annual art sale?
What did John Stuart Mill say matter is?
How many active-duty female generals or admirals are there?
when does new season of this old house start 2017
Which Hyderabad agency is responsible for the largest area?
Along with mood, temperament, disposition and motivation, what is emotion often tied to?
who produced this is america by childish gambino
who was the colonial leader in rhode island that welcomed a jewish community to newport
What were samurai affiliated with?
who is the first most followed person on instagram 2018
when is the last time the federal minimum wage was raised
what did Jellyfish stings cut short
What contributed to the Arabian oryx rise from extinct to vulnerable?
What do the laborers work for in hopes of doing?
who were the main proponents of amending the constitution to include a bill of rights
Did James Privott die from the incident?
who sends the letters in ps i love you
The fabric is favored by who?
What was the Marshal's force called?
What deity did the Julii claim as an ancestor?
How are Mexican wrestlers different? 
What has been the effect of Yale and New Haven's relation on New Haven?
Some of the positive aspects of youtube might be that it provides what on a scale we've never seen before?
who is the actor that plays the flash
In what early technology was bitumen used?
What type of procedure was it?
What did the California Supreme Court decline to do?
When was the record heat spike in Multan?
In what year did the Netherlands claim the area between Delaware Bay and Cape Cod?
how many seats are there in the globe theatre
What name literally means "far-shooting?"
What is Shah commander of?
what was the book of hebrews written for
What is Al Qaeda's group goal?
Who is the Schalke coach?
What does the word botany mean?
what is the salary cap in rugby league
who voices jimmy in f is for family
Who was suspected of stockpiling large amounts of opium?
who wrote the song i did it my way
what  increases in number cause more and more people will be traveling?
When was the start of the last days moved to in the mid-1930s?
how many institutions of higher education in the us
Amount of planes FAA found that Southwest flew without checking?
Where is Fraser Robinson III buried?
when did taylor swift love story come out
who 's the head coach for the kansas city chiefs
In what year was The Passions, Emotions and the Meaning of Life published?
in which year was the first world environmental day celebrated
What else did China do?
type of epithelial tissue containing cells that can change shapes as the tissue stretches
What are some of the materials used in thermal storage systems?
Who perform biting social commentaries?
where was the battle of lexington and concord fought at
What initially moved King James 1 to grant subsidiary licences to other trading companies in England?
What is the Seattle newspaper as of 2010?
What night was the show in Montreal
In what country did the blast furnace first appear?
When was Spielberg added to the Science Fiction Hall of Fame?
Who confrimed the entry list?
what insanity test emerged from the m'naghten case
What is an organism at the top of the food chain called?
which celebrity has the most twitter followers 2018
About how many people died during the Draft Riots of 1863?
The desert zone's topography is mostly what shape?
What is the number of army officers missing after the mutiny?
who wrote puff daddy 's verse on victory
when does bloodstained ritual of the night release
How many new prayers were included in the official mass reforms of 1969?
What is the most painful aspect for the pope?
what awards are being given to employees
2nd indian american judge of us court of appeals in 2017
Oak, beech, ash, and sycamore maple make up what group of trees?
Who is helped by directly confronting the past?
whats time was first quake
Which country is battling Shiite rebels in its northwest?
who played rocky on as time goes by
what 's the name of the wicked witch of the west
What was the final score between Hoffenheim and Hanover?
What was the name of the 1st multiple button mouse introduced by Apple?
What year was The Yale Record first published?
who played the million dollar man on tv
The pilot ditched plane in which river?
what did harvard professor say?
What country is Los Santos in?
On what date was the Earth's coldest temperature recorded?
What is the age of the gunman?
Which publication provided rankings of college and university programs?
how long can the president stay in office
How many people thought it was time for his return?
Along with the cingulate cortex and hippocampi, what structure is a notable part of the limbic system?
who organizes arms and calls up the militia
who dies in season 6 of sons of anarchy
Luci Johnson described being what as an extraordinary privilege?
What year did Rugby League start?
when did the movie never back down come out
In what did Whitehead believe that those concepts existed?
which came out first dragon ball or dragon ball z
Who is grappling with the death of two family members?
"Smash" is the midseason TV series being broadcast by which TV station?
Who set up a spy ring in the Yugoslav party?
What kind of sample can display a good example of compression artifacts?
Whose camp says Obama intentionally stoking controversy?
where is cyprus located on a world map
What did people once believe could not be found further south than Australia?
who sings someday lady you 'll accomp'ny me
when did the us stop making solid copper pennies
what were they accused of
How many forms of personal pronouns are there in Catalan?
Who much stronger is silk than steel fiber?
What opens a window into Michael Jackson's final hours?
What percentage of familes were below the poverty line in 2005?
what is the climate in la paz bolivia
Who wants independent homeland?
what is the militia in the 2nd amendment
who played the indian in the magnificent seven
where is gifford pinchot state park in pennsylvania
what kind of substance is an anabolic-androgenic steroid
where did it 's raining tacos come from
who sings so will i by hillsong united
who has been playing the longest in the nfl
Who should be wearing survival suits?
joanne froggatt coronation street who did she play
how long does it take ceres to orbit the sun
bombay samachar the first newspaper started in bombay was a venture by the
Once the decision was made to bring the group together who was it comprised of ?
when did the movie the car come out
hwang bo ra di fight for my way
where does clonal selection of t cells happen
Where did immigrants from England and the Scottish Highlands settle?
who plays callie 's father on the fosters
What is the result of Karma called?
what Picture made public by a psychology professor?
when does the wicker man ride open at alton towers
What do economists predict will slow in 2009?
What type of formation is indicated by low and high grade metamorphic rocks?
What were updated Weston values based on?
what does vipaka mean?
What type of birds may also affect the ecology of islands and surrounding areas?
What is Devin Jefferson charged with?
minister of energy and power development in zimbabwe
what did the flight carry?
who wrote the kill by 30 seconds to mars
How many civilians were the Japanese hoping to kill during their planned attack on San Diego?
where was the first international cricket match played
Who is preparing for the 200th race of his Formula One career?
What portion of India did the Chalukya Empire rule?
Which pop group allowed Madonna to sing a cover of their song Gimme! Gimme! Gimme!
Where was the 8-year old girl lured to?
What do Doctors Without Borders need?
name of the princess in princess and the frog
What was his age?
What are proteins that druing replication and transcription of DNA, recognize base DNA?
abbreviation for us department of health and human services
what is the name of the amazon echo
what is the herb in black panther called
 Around how many French were killed, injured, or taken prisoner in the Battle of Borodino?
What did Texas Rangers say?
What percentage of the South Tuscon Population is Mexican-American? 
what police could get?
when does the new season of america 's got talent premiere
when did dallas cowboys go to the superbowl
when did tokyo ghoul season 3 come out
Where do most Cuban Americans live?
who recorded the eruption of mt . vesuvius
who does the song somebody 's watching me
who gets married in the finale of the office
How many American troops were there?
Who were among the first to be evacuated?
when did the cleveland rams move to los angeles
who is the girl from brenda 's got a baby video
Where was latest project screened?
when does dr lewis come back to er
which militants killed commando ?
how many women were killed
Who extended the emergency declaration?
who is the girl that plays in resident evil
when does the incumbency advantage tend to be at its lowest
When was the building consecrated?
who becomes president if the president elect dies before taking office
What country is a popular site for Queen bootlegs because it is outlawed?
What was Maria Lauterbach's rank?
What was the grammatical gender of the Old English word for wife?
who was sultan of delhi when timur attack on delhi
Who replaced Sony in 2010 as Idol's music label?
what is the price of cbs all access
who authored novels
Who is Iran's supreme leader?
How much cooling can ozone depletion cause over Antarctica?
What notable nation was able to rise from the ashes of the Near East?
How much does it cost to develop a new drug?
how many episodes are in season 2 of the last kingdom
Who released midfielders Fabio Rochemback and Gaizka Mendieta?
when did alabama play at the bowery in myrtle beach
where does most of earths heat come from
Who was the physicist to report that a tone could be rendered inaudible.
Which section of Eat 58th Street features high end interior design and decoration establishments?
Who was the author of Seven Lamps of Architecture?
where did the battle of the little bighorn take place
what is the most anyone has won on cash cab
Which Emporio Armani fragrance did Beyoncé promote in 2007?
What caused the school closures?
where does the san joaquin valley start and end
Most Southernly town of somerset
Suleman is a mother of how many children?
Who has said that Barrino's rendition of Summertime has been his top moment of all seasons?
What are some catgories of retrospective memory?
Who is the winner?
What was the name of the single that was Madonna's twelfth number one hit in the UK?
which greys anatomy season is the plane crash
The Club America striker is how old?
when is the last time the united states declared war
What event is associated with the start of farming?
When did the tour begin?
What is the opinion of the governor of california?
where is the last supper in milan located
who determines the number of presidential electors for a state
What did snow say?
who sings paint it black in the last witch hunter
What British post-punk bands had success in the popular charts?
What was the name of the carrier used?
When will PB Capital likely sell the hotel?
What publication promoted Pope Paul VI's views on abortion?
Who says they will appeal?
Where was the 40 mile record set?
who sings the country song down on my knees
How long was Jaycee Dugard held captive?
where did the battle of lepanto take place
who was the sultan off delhi when timur invaded the city
A comparison of browser must be seen to know what?
where is the rugby league world cup 2017 held
Arthur Budzinski was abused by who as a child
What was the name of the race the boat was damaged in?
What was the name of Beyoncé's first international tour?
According to a 500-page UN Human Rights Council report, what was widespread behavior by state officials in Eritrea?
define the triple constraint model utilized in project management
Who is elected every even numbered year?
Who led American forces in this war?
what do you call the land portion of the earth
What is the main element of an omnidirectional antenna?
Who was Michael Jackson's dermatologist?
who played cassie on young and the restless
who has the most stolen bases in major league baseball history
who does mark darcy marry in bridget jones
what do you think is the type of the oldest rocks on earth
What caused the death?
how many stars make up the big dipper
How many sales of Keeping Up Appearances have been made to non-British buyers?
name the agent of erosion that produce hanging valley
What are blind women being trained to use?
minister to britain who negotiated a treaty in 1795
About how many people live in New York City's metropolitan area?
When did LF Gary Matthews and CF Bobby Dernier come from Philadelphia to the Cubs?
when did season 10 of the x-files air
What US state prohibits the death penalty in its constitution?
where to watch my next guest needs no introduction
when did charles dickens write his last book
Who can follow in his footsteps?
What resulted between the Chinese and Japanese after the Coup?
What are some of the luminous efficacies of yellow phosphor based white LED compared to blue?
when did the japanese internment camps start and end
st. peter 's basilica the head of the catholic religion is located in
Serious studies in logic tend to resemble what discipline, moreso than literature?
When did they think the world would end?
Where did the roadside bombing happen?
how much money to be upper middle class
Who protested the involvement of Britain and France in a war with Germany?
Who was the rapist?
What is Ulvaeus amazed by?
What does AJ Crimson recommend
odishi dance is popular dance of which state
when did the golden age of piracy end
who won medals in the men 's halfpipe
who played whiskey in the kingsman golden circle
Which birds migrate the furthest?
where was the grand depart for the 2017 tour de france ( city and country )
What was the 2008 Olympic slogan?
Who won the prize of the year?
who plays jennifer lopez 's daughter on shades of blue
In 1763 what was the status of Frederick?
What illness threatens hundreds of thousands of people in Darfur?
what v of big data determines if the data your organization collected is any good
what is the lead singer of seether 's name
What were CITAC and NIPC created to deal with?
Where is Knox from?
Did the FBI keep files on Elvis Presley?
who broke salt law in belgaum in 1930
who makes the curling stones for the winter olympics
What was Noe Ramirez Mandujano arrested for?
When was the law eventually signed?
How much was embezzled from the Nigerian government in 1960-1999?
is harry potter and the cursed child a book or script
Where were sound recordings originally made to?
What were William Thomson's reasons for disputing Darwin's estimate?
Who became the first Eritrean to ride the Vuelta a Espana in 2012?
What remain powered even whenever the computer is powered off?
how many games in a premier league season total
Did that used to have a different name?
who was the one that got away about
who are the clones in star wars clones of
what event was being held?
What book won the award?
What did the army end up doing?
when did the movie the shining come out
what is dont rain on my parade from
What type of hospital disinfectant do tubs need to be cleaned with?
with regard to the treatment of sports injuries the protocol rice stands for
the inventor of the popular roll-film camera was
how many counties in the state of california
Pan-Slavism became compromised when what empire started to use it as an ideology justifying its territorial conquests?
where does the ct river start and end
who does arlos voice in the good dinosaur
Between what species do usually transduction, conjugation and transformation take place?
what nhl teams did wayne gretzky play for
who is flute in a midsummer night 's dream
Who is the core guide?
What is Star vehicle about?
who played the good witch on the wizard of oz
What were lowered to mourn the dead across moscow?
What was Greece's GDP growth between 1833 and 1911 compared other Western European nations?
who died when caught in smoke-filled stairwell?
how many were hurt
Where was pilot greeted at?
What law was signed on Sep 14, 2001?
Where did the Chinese military deploy troops in preparation for the arrival of US troops?
Who is most famous ?
Who refuses contact with outsiders on Sentinel Island?
How many photos has Hubble captured?
what did Ricki Lake say
Which Serb general is accused of war crimes?
Where was Arnoldo Rueda Medina being held?
Was was supposed to get the benefits of a large turn out?
who are the judges on asia got talent
who said what to Larry King?
Is the seafaring business still of any relevancy to the Greek economy ?
Who says the current uniforms do not blend well?
who did mexico lose to in the world cup 2014
when did the garmin forerunner 235 come out
who has scored the most goals in all the world cups
when did the song all night long come out
who played duncan in monarch of the glen
when is celebrity big brother coming to cbs
when is a baby said to be premature
who was the first actor who played james bond
Who said he is not defending Sudanese regime?
What is the biggest annoyance the critics have?
when did cork last win the all ireland hurling final
In what capacity did Elizabeth serve in the Auxiliary?
What process can sometimes seem arbitrary today?
What was Luis Suarez's transfer fee in 2014?
What did Jung-Su confirm?
where was the sands casino in las vegas
Same jury that convicted Carla Hughes of murder declines to impose what?
who has won the wwe title the most times
what is dorothy from wizard of oz last name
What day did toxic clouds appear?
What allows a computer to perform repetitive tasks without human intervening?
who did nemo 's voice in finding nemo
What problems did the project have?
Which part of Kerry's Boston speech made reference to his military experience?
what is the song state of love and trust about
In what year did a number of events push renewable energy up the political agenda?
What kind of sound did Kanye abandon a rap and hiphop one for with his fourth album?
What did France call its Mali operation?
The rituals for the correct way to enjoy Mass is listed in what text ?
What is the molecular make-up of hydrogen?
When did the state of emergency start?
How much lower is the Swazi Real GDP growth in comparison to other Southern African Customs Union members is Swaziland?
organizers hope project will do what?
When did same-sex marriages become legal in Spain?
What did the POW/MIA committee conclude about Vietnam POWs?
Where will the new Trabant be unveiled?
Who publishes the Laws of the Game?
What TV program questioned the official account of the crash?
What was the first group from outside China to join in the relief operation?
When was the Federal Republic of Germany created
When was 'The Wanderers' movie released?
who did uconn women 's basketball lose to
when did puerto rico become a us property
What is not an established science?
When was the first time bacteria were observed?
Who is indicted?
where was friday the 13th part 8 filmed
who killed andy in the night the lights went out in georgia
What programs has the network?
How many best picture nominees were there
who are  are being honored on Capitol Hill with a Congressional Gold Medal
A modern commentator, William Atwood, feels Poles not only sought solace in Chopin's music but also found them a source of strength as they continued to fight for what?
Whas is the name of the ethnic a capella group founded at the University of Pennsylvania in 1996?
What do newer computer drives use instead of stepper motors?
where are the 2024 summer olympics going to be held
when was the first edition of the oxford english dictionary completed
who won the 1st season of america 's got talent
Who did the new touch DNA test clear?
What was reported in IEEE's Journal on Selected Areas in Communications?
What did the students do?
In what month of 2014 did Southampton's City Council give the go-ahead for WestQuay Watermark?
largest underground chambers in the world at gunung mulu is
when did the denver broncos change their logo
Which city in the Netherlands has the oldest stock exchange?
What Russian-Austrian agreement preceded the Seven Years War that started in 1755-56?
what is michelle 's middle name on full house
What is the response of the IAAF?
What was the first treatment for tuberculosis?
what is the biggest automobile company in the world
when did nissan change the maxima body style
Where was the school founded?
Which non-elected official has held the longest term as prime minister?
How many Catholic dogmas are there regarding Mary?
What two things does The Fund help developing nations formulate to support sustainable development?
Who do they believe is going to be a household name?
what is to close
Number of Mme's that have set up campuses?
Who built the Göbekli Tepe temple?
When was he Presbytery of Ulster formed?
who is the author?
who played alf on the tv show alf
Who establishd the inviolability of nobles property?
when did the separation of ontario hydro occur
What did the authors reported?
who did rome fight against in the punic wars
One of the dimensions is the extent to which power is exercised for personal gain, which is called what?
What is commonly used to determine taxonomy of bacteria?
who played sphinx in gone in 60 seconds
What is the 16th European city to attract the most tourists?
How many are injured?
What artist was inspired?
when did the world celebrate its most recent millennium
What Queen song was inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame in 2004?
What is a metaphor for obama's presidency?
Who wants to players to participate?
Which other Executive Order did the Civil Right's Act work closely with?
Where was the judgement issued?
Who did Tom Cruise play in The Last Samurai?
What is the generic term for an airplane or rocket in French?
What law is opposed by the insurance industry?
What is the price
who are we voting for in 2018 in texas
What did the spokeman say?
What incident is being referred to?
What does fixing health care require?
The electronic transition frequency of which element defines the second?
The Spanish Supreme Court hears all cases related to law in what areas?
Which Republican presidential candidate did Tennessee support in 1920?
Which other carrier joins the USS America in active service?
what is the most eastern point in the united states
What's the name of the local league with "City" in its name?
What may trump foreign policy successes?
when does the next season of blind spot start
who plays wilmas mom in the flintstones movie
when was the last time a 2 dollar bill was printed
What is the shape of Southside Speedway?
what kind of money is used in the netherlands
What does Luke say one of the rebels does?
what is the current ios for iphone 6
who is the sister of for king and country
what do the scientists say
who sings i cant fight this feeling anymore
Who ranks city park systems?
Who has one of the most complete ritual agendas?
where did world war 1 first take place
Patients on Taxotere have what side effects?
Who was Lisa Nowak stalking?
What do authorities say Joe Stack did?
What are Jehovah Witnesses probably best known for by outsiders?
What happened weeks before the "Wolverine" movie premiere?
Haredi and Hasidic Jewry have an attachment to what movement?
Where is the Semetic Akkadian language first found?
who won the men 's us open 2017
What are the saved versions of a site called?
where is the iron bowl going to be this year
What was meant by the term saltationism?
Who struggle to cope?
when did the song its tricky come out
what is causing the decline
when does game of thrones season 7 start filming
What did Einstein with the 1921 Nobel Prize for?
Who did the Catholics of Alexandria want as their Bishop?
How many scouts took part?
how did government in rome develop who was the final tyrant or monarch of rome
what do critics feel about the site
What's the name of the Coldplay drummer from Southampton?
Which magazine did the interview?
what is the approximate population of new zealand
Which companies did Nintendo try to get to make a CD add-on for the SNES?
Excitement and distraction are what type of factors which affect pain's intensity?
What did Gadahn praise?
What did the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation pay for?
did the navy say anything
WHat was the age of the girl?
What did the English Dominican mystics not require in their work?
what is the use of cursor in database
who were the european electronica artists that inspired detroit techno?
In several works of fiction, what ceases to exist in the past which causes paradoxes not to arise?
when did the civil war in south sudan start
What percentage of Armenia's total population protested on February 25?
where He managed to get his photo taken with actress?
who played barney on the andy griffith show
where is the protein actin located in the body
Who discovered Triton? 
Which club is Raffaele Palladino from?
when did the first zoo in the world open
when did the construction of the world trade center begin
Which century marked the arrival of the Ottomans?
What UK firm approves pharmaceutical drugs?
How many All-Ireland Championships has Cork won?
What were the calculations of this myth?
who is the goalkeeper suspended?
where does o brother where art thou take place
what was the score
who sings but first let me take a selfie
In what year did Nasser die?
How long was the daughter imprisoned for?
When was the evangelist admitted to the hospital?
when did they clean the statue of liberty
What did the RAF put most of their resources into?
Where are they suspected to have sold the drugs?
What year did Nathaniel Battes settle in North Carolina?
When did this happen
who was convicted?
Who was accused on not fulfilling their military service, during the fall of 2004?
What show received 23 nominations?
who dotted the i at ohio state today
What are the main coastal towns 
The issues concern what?
what is eid al fitr and eid al adha
how many ribs does a human body have
who won season 5 of worst cooks in america
who has the least interceptions in nfl history
who will join italian
What country has provided Burma with the most military aid ?
When was he lost?
What is Townsend looking for in the private sector?
What number of Australian soldiers were killed in the Afghanistan conflict?
What did police find?
who has won the most trophies in english football
What type has the best luminous efficacy?
what 's the name of the atlanta braves new stadium
What British Foreign Secretary said about it?
when did germany sign the treaty of versailles
What countries also have rebel groups?
Who is disappointed?
How many temples are present in Kathmandu's Durbar Square?
when did they start using 925 on silver
who voices sebastian in black butler english dub
What evidence was found?
who wrote it only takes a minute girl
Who designed the General Assembly Offices at the Eighth and Main Building?
Who paid their respects to the victims
With what Park51 is locked in?
What did Hussain Mock?
Where did an abortive coup occur in 1993?
Who released the supertanker?
who plays sir gregor in the game of thrones
Did rescue teams find people alive?
How many international organizations made donations?
What kind of evidence was inquested to be  heard
What is the name of the contractor released on bond?
Which club is two-level?
What should be used when using ancestry to make inferences about individual phenotypes?
who did gus kill with a box cutter
What has doubled in the last decade?
Dogs have genes that allow them to thrive on what when compared to wolves, who cannot?
what company is involved?
How much was invested worldwide in fixed income investments?
In 2011, what time frame did the Swiss government give for ending its use of nuclear energy?
What office is in charge of collecting foreign intelligence?
where is big bear lake located in california
who did  says he wants no special treatment?
how many technicals before suspension in nba playoffs
Who was appointed new manager?
The synagogue located in Bet She'an had what kind of symbols depicted in its mosaic?
when did alcohol become illegal in the united states
Who was writing a book with McCaffrey?
who played stefano on days of our lives
who does the voices for the lion guard
Who was the Grand Service originally made for?
What year did the Canadian Military operation in Afghanistan start?
What times did Vieri change clubs?
india won the 2017 women 's asia cup hokey by defeating
the cavity in the shaft of a long bone is called the
How much of Iran's 33k megawatt installed capacity was based on natural gas? 
In which year did Popper give a secret interview concerning his views about God?
how many episodes of sherlock are there in season 1
Where did 614,000 acres burn?
Which character has some critics deemed a variation of a contented slave?
who is celebrated on the day of the dead
What did officials say?
Who did the audience boo?
where does by the shores of silver lake take place
where is ngurah rai international airport in bali
wha its the lastest film of Ang Lee's?
What aspect ratio was agreed upon due to the influence of widescreen cinema?
When was a new Constitution adopted in Switzerland?
What is the name of the Da Vinci Code sequel?
what is the meaning of return in java
who was playing
what case applied the exclusionary rule to the states
who forwarded the lahore resolution or pakistan resolution
What says there is no comprehensive U.S. plan for reaching security goals?
As of 2008, geothermal power development was underway in more than how many countries?
when did the show everybody loves raymond start
Who gained temporal power in Tibet in the 1240s?
importance of the battles of trenton and princeton
Which Northern Premier was murdered in the Igbo coup?
In the 1970's how many attempts were there the overthrow the govenment?
What is Hawaii's economy dependent on?
who was the voice of jessie in toy story
What did Glenn Beck say?
who is pacquiao
who plays girl jesse in minecraft story mode
who played the principal on saved by the bell
What language began to supersede Catalan?
What determines the conductivity in a FET?
What does Dasti claim?
How does Avicenna  explain the connection between body and soul?
What was the hurricane category?
What did askihito's interest include
What did the Jewish groups dismiss?
who sang you ca n 't hide your lyin eyes
How much money did the pirates gain last year?
who wrote the song i hear you knocking
When did American Idol first air on television? 
When did Milans del Bosch surrender?
who was apollo creed fighting when he died
When was the last time that the Hawaiin islands experienced a life threatening volcanic eruption?
what did the petitions support
In 2005, how many public employees did Portugal have for every thousand inhabitants?
What are the demographics of those who tend to eat more added sugar?
who will be press secretary?
when does camilla cabello 's album come out
what is the latest version of microsoft office 2016
What kind of diversity has the practice of translation had?
What was she a member of?
Treaties, executive agreements, congressional-executive agreements, and sole executive agreements are the same under international law but different with respect to what?
What is the perennial argurment?
Which country did Britain conquer in 1897?
where do spinner dolphins get their name from
What prompted renewed calls for domestic Intel?
why do they call nevada the battle born state
prosecutors are part of what branch of ​ government
Where was he living?
Along with the Oriana, what's the other P&O liner with a name that starts with the same letter?
How many miles of highways are in Oklahoma?
who plays nicky in orange is the new black season 6
What does PTSD stand for?
Along with subjective experience, cognitive processes, expressive behavior and psychophysiological changes, what is another notable emotional component?
In which season was the "Hollywood or Home" round added to the competition?
Who is Elisabeth Hasselbeck?
When was The League of Nations created?
name of the scarecrow in bob the builder
where is the original star spangled banner located
who won season 5 of dancing with the stars
where did 21 pilots go to high school
Who are the leading contenders?
What is the size of the monkey population?
Who won the 79th "El Clasico" in November?
What was the average age of American Idols viewers in its tenth season? 
Letter case is used to distinction betweem lowercase and uppercase letter in which common representation of certain languages?
During what dynasty was Nanjing the biggest business center in all of East Asia?
Where have many of these US Air Force pilots chosen to find employment instead? 
to what has nada zero tolerance
What is dangerous?
who played green day in the simpsons movie
who plays princess atta in a bug 's life
when does big brother celebrity edition start 2018
What is the population of CAR approximately?
who are the current members of def leppard
How many lives were lost?
Where is Mother's located?
Which one of Madonna's movie is a box office bomb?
who was the voice of jessica in who framed roger rabbit
What eSpace boats do?
What percentage of the air pollution in Hyderabad comes solely from vehicles?
What was the product tainted with?
How many species of mammals lay eggs?
Who began minting the coins known as Joachimstalers?
What did the survey use
who won season 3 of the next great baker
The first voyage on Cosco Busan hit Bay Bridge in what?
How many French citizens are kidnapped?
What is the URL of online website for The Times?
Who did Cassidy file against?
what is the name of new prime minister of pakistan
what is the meaning of rdw in medical terms
What does the evidence suggest the Thai army has been doing?
Where is Swat Valley?
What has he said aobut the West?
Wilson's archievement has inspired others to get what?
who plays agent romanoff in iron man 2
who lives on the ranch in esperanza rising
When is Slovak morphology more regular than Czech?
Gautama didn't like the religious teaching he initially found because of why?
where did the apalachee tribe live in florida
when was give my regards to broadway written
What agreements did the GOP Old Guard want Eisenhower to abandon?
What structural benefit is offered by the Gothic vault?
who is andreas agnelli
Who was in charge of the MRP-AEG group?
where do most of the immigrants to canada come from
When did Schwarzenegger take an airplane for the first time ever?
What is another name for videophone calls?
who is the governor of tamilnadu 2017 in tamil
what breed is the lady and the tramp dog
What was the prevalent mentality and ideology called? 
how many firefighters and residents where injured?
what do you mean by non aligned movement
did John Gair think Al Megrahl's guilty
What do students finishing senior secondary school get?
How many mass extinctions have happened since Life began on Earth?
What year was Novak made CEO of Yum!?
who has scored the most points in nrl
who played juliet in romeo and juliet 1968
what are the two harbours on either side of auckland
government ownership of property and resources in the united states is
In Chinese Buddhism what meditation is more popular?
just the way you are billy joel female version
who plays albus potter in the cursed child
Who plead not guilty in March?
who played jackie laverty in line of duty
What was hijacked in the Gulf of Aden?
What part of Dukkha deals with pain?
What instrument gained prominence in the 19th and 20th century?
who was the last president of the us to be impeached
Which treaty was Australia's first military alliance outside of the British Commonwealth?
how has the most mvp in nba history
who says money will be used to set up youth scholarship program?
Who led the coup that gained control over Austrasia?
Who starred in "Che"?
what were they not charged
what did the beating follow
What is the earliest that they kept live bears in the Bärengraben?
What did Italy charge them with?
Masks carry both physical and psychological what according to a doctor?
who is the movie bleed for this based on
Who took 4 East India ship and arrested their officers as a reaction to the attack on Ganj-i-Sawai
what are the olympic gold medals made of
what is the pka value of carbonic acid
When was the first federal population census taken in the US?
Who ended the sovereignty of szlachta?
where is the calf of the leg located
who wrote i cross my heart by george strait
Who is Bayern Munich keeper?
sq3r is an acronym for a study method that includes survey questions read rehearse and
where do you find pepsin in the body
What did the mayor of Juarez say?
What was the name of the oldest city in the north east?
Who holds a majority of the shares in the Everton FC?
What is the deal with the Taliban?
who was the voice of rapunzel in tangled
Which award the the album win?
Insects become toxic by doing what with the chemicals from plants?
who was involved in the war of jenkins ear
who is barrymore
when did the wizard of oz come out
Who is Myanmar opposition leader?
What did Dan Quayle do?
What year did American Idol first air its fourteenth season?
Queen's Sheer Heart Attack reached what number on the United Kingdom charts?
When did the CPJP finally sign the peace agreement?
Where Mandy Moore and Ryan Adams married?
What are Americans uncomfortable with?
He is still known today as what?
who played lex luthor in the original 1978 superman movie
What was Dolla's real name?
Was there conflict of faith and beliefs at the end of von NEumann's life?
What year did the bombing of  night clubs on the island of Bali take place?
How many anti-Olympic protesters manifest?
the virus of aids affects the growth of
Who ultimately defined genocide as a series of strategies leading up to the annihilation of an entire group?
when did they come out with color photos
What does the shop specializes in?
What will be the biggest part of the challenge as the result of the rapid growth?
What is one example of traffic that passed through Hanover?
who plays the hormone monster in big mouths
Where did the incestuous father vacation?
Which epithet did Apollo have as god of prophecy and truth?
Where were the Carnatic Wars?
who sang theme tune only fools and horses
Who is wanted by Salvadoran authorities?
what episode of criminal minds does morgan leave
How long was the fault where the quake occurred?
What is crosspicking?
What sort of temperature is typical on a Kathmandu morning?
what is the correct name for the @ symbol
What game played in both Britain and America has become increasingly popular in pubs?
where is the university of central florida coach going
What does the governement program pay people to do?
Who was denied bail?
What is the ethnicity of most people living in the Marshall Islands?
who did the good job of electrifying all villages of haryana
How many Muslims were killed during the invasion of Banu Qurayza?
How much do these people make a day?
What is China protesting?
what is the purpose of a greek chorus
who plays treasure in how i met your mother
What is one of the toughest derbies in the world, run in Egypt?
when did dungeons & dragons first come out
what was the cause of abolishing it?
Who is Christopher Savoie?
Where are the children from?
Who was suspended for six weeks?
Who did police arrest in connection with the attack?
when does the second part of arrested development come out
what does the 5 stand for in mi5
Who is responsible for the creation of the Newer Orthography?
What is the maximum withdrawal?
What does Emotiv's EPOC headset do?
What were their scores?
Who annexed Alsace to the new German Empire in 1871?
What was Nanjing's GDP in 2013?
What remained attached to carrier aircraft for duration of near 3-hour flight ?
Who killed 17 Iraqis?
When did street battles begin?
Why does Euornithes mean "true birds?"
how many islands in the isles of scilly
Where is the Bacteria?
who plays john abbott on young and the restless
How many years were the Ramsey's suspected of the murder?
Which hotel is set to be renovated?
What did Panorama say was the documented reason Eton was eligible for farming subsidies?
In pursuing Prussian ships, what resource was quickly depleted?
Is the chance of acceptable weather for launch greater than 50%?
the process that converts glucose into two molecules of pyruvate is
Which group or religion dominates the Aslatian population?
How many people were killed in the mudslide?
who is the first african to play in epl
Which LEDs are considered dangerous by a 2011 study?
what book are thing 1 and thing 2 in
What rebels are taking refuge in Ecuador?
Who is the award named after?
In what provinces is the Carnival mainly celebrated in the Netherlands?
Does Armenia have more rural or uban hamaynker?
how many cast members from gone with the wind are still alive
Who are the two pieces likely composed by?
What does the divided highway provide?
What are international tribunals and arbiters often called upon to resolve in regards to treaties?
How many teams were relegated from the Premier League in 1995?
What was the name of the previously-patented music player from 1981?
Who was the biggest artist that CBS had?
when was the silver claret jug first presented at the open
Beyonce confirmed what after performing one of her songs?
How many people came to the Tucson Festival of Books in 2010?
How many medals did Hoy win?
Is Jalaeipour's wife concerned for his safety?
What was started in aquatic farming 5 years ago?
What percentage of his body was covered?
When was Burke's final publication?
Who attacked Scout and Jem?
What was airline also fined for?
When did Evolutionary Phonology come into being?
who was the first woman judge to be appointed chief justice of a high court
What is knon as when you are  unable to eat unfermented milk-based foods?
How far was the captured district from the capital?
types of social welfare programs in the united states
Who was the President of the Soviet Union in 1991?
What must a player consider when determining every possible strategy?
What does the prime minister say
Who did the delegation speak to?
last male tennis player to win grand slam
who played guitar on summer breeze isley brothers
What is the official student radio station at Washington University?
What country was the process developed in?
In which year did the poet Rumi die?
Who is the PM going to meet?
when was the pro football hall of fame built
when did she die
What place is largely protected by a seawall?
how much ram memory did the commodore 64 have
when did usa first land on the moon
What state's textbook requirements often make it into those of other states?
When Gaddafi's family moved to Sabha, describe his educational experiences in secondary school.
where does transcription occur in a eukaryotic cell
who does stan smith voice on american dad
who released the rock opera inspired country album tommy bluegrass opera
what was the age for the draft in ww2
Who was charged with conspiracy to provide support to al Qaeda?
who beat valencia
During what period did UNFPA aid Peru's reproductive health program?
Some scholars try to introduce new concepts to capture the fluid qualities of what?
What type of annelids have nuchal organs?
record for 3 pointers in a finals game
Alive version of Somebody to Love featured what artist?
Does Tiger Woods have a legal obligation to speak to police?
who voices the ugly duckling in chicken little
How did the First Macedonian War end?
What amount of artillery shells were fired?
How many attacks is one of the suspects believed to have conducted?
What is Brazil's high court for labor law?
Where the officer met?
What is Canon encouraging?
How many bodies were found?
when did the first £ 1 coin come out
where did the soldiers die
What year did the uprising begin in Warsaw?
Who is suing Sheikh Issa of Abu Dhabi?
when was the northern kingdom of israel destroyed
How does an induction motor produce torque?
On average, how many days each year are there thunderstorms in Tennessee?
Where will the Fitiao family bury their daughter?
What percentage of sexually active teenagers will contract an STI?
who changed the date of the day of the dead
what does the d stand for in tv ratings
In 1860, approximately how many people of Irish extraction were in New York?
What us Obama administration trying to do?
Whom is the woman married to?
What is the oldest resident professional theater company in Oklahoma?
What part in the paintings of Matisse did color play?
Mohsen Rezaie led Revolutionary Guard for how many years?
What type of result from a CD will return a one?
WHat was said about the role?
What region comprises of the Wallacea?
At which battle was Obregon badly defeated?
Whom does he follow?
What is the only hospital in Tuvalu?
Why did Professor Skousen gather fragments and have them analyzed?
What was his former lover suffering from?
What are some catalysts used in hydrogen cooling
How many were arrested?
Voltage opposing the motor supply voltage is called what?
Who was the roadside bomb aimed to kill?
Where was found the car?
where was back to the future mall scene filmed
who has the most goals in college lacrosse
On which floor is the Belgian Suite located?
What kind of background did many of the initial post-punk artists have?
who sits in the high court of australia
What is the name of the dog who helps Sgt. Allen Hill?
What caused the rupture?
what will happen if she returned to ohio
What genre of music is not played frequently on urban AC?
What day did the celeb be interviewed by Oprah?
Where has the yacht been spotted?
where was the first nuclear test conducted in india
What might happen to home prices as a result of the government's moves?
Clarked lived in Sri Lanka since when?
What league are the Montreal Expos in?
This season, the winner won a recording contract with what company?
WHat is the earliest surviving use of the clan name of the polish knights?
What AC format is still viable?
Which botanist did Darwin begin a correspondence with about his theories?
Which city was hit by the tornado?
what does mice are killing?
By which month, were the Taliban no longer controlling Kabul?
What are Hillary Clinton's approaches to food security?
What is the Iraqi dictator?
What looks at the entire DNA mixture?
how much does a big mac cost in germany
What were the people killed for?
Who was known as China's greatest poet and lived in Chengdu?
Who were living in poverty?
Modern treaty law can be compared in function and effectiveness to the historical Articles of Confederation by comparing the pre-Constitutional United States Federal government with what modern institution?
How many people were killed in mine accidents?
when did they stop building on the winchester house
What about rain makes refugee movement difficult?
which affects the recovery of the bodies?
Who showed blatant irresponsibility?
Which founding members were responsible for the red shirts?
where is avatar land located in animal kingdom
when did fiesta texas open in san antonio
What is too early for Obama to discuss?
What issues plagued the PVA throughout the war?
How much was found in wreckage?
who wins the all star game more often
What has hit California hard?
Under what basis did Richard Nixon assert an expansion of the power of the President?
how did the dawes plan benefit the united states
how does somatic cell nuclear transfer differ from the natural way of making an embryo
In Sumerian society, who oversaw the operation of the first formal schools?
Who is the current Precentor?
How many people survived?
who played janice on 3rd rock from the sun
Which company does Fiat hope to purchase?
Who was responsible for the attacks?
What  has been established for Jaycee Dugard?
At 6 to 9 months, an infant's immune system begins to respond to which proteins?
Who wrote the Global Accountability Report for 2007?
When did season 13 premiere?
What was the most developed state among the Three Kingdoms?
What was Washington trying to ban?
Over fishing of which species of fish helped promote regulations on fishing?
Who said you can never prepare for an incident like the one in Kileen, Texas?
where did the blue moon get its name
what is billion dollar business
As god of archery, Apollo was known by what name?
How many of John's known illegitimate children were born after he remarried?
What did an established church, even at the state level, have?
waht said steve wonder?
when did us airways and american airlines merger
What does the skeleton consist of?
when was the GOP convention?
when did new zealand last host the commonwealth games
Who mentions a Daurentius (577–579) that slew an Avar envoy of Khagan Bayan I?
Name an artist who will be on the record?
who wrote you put a spell on me
What type of campaign did Publius fight?
How many Americans plan to be vaccinated against H1N1 flu?
what is the highest mountain in the us
who is going to be the chief minister of punjab
when did green revolution take place in india
Who won The Narcissist Award?
Who was angry not to be awarded a penalty for handball?
What was used to power chain pumps to raise water to irrigation ditches?
who sings the song you are always on my mind
Who were the bombing victims waiting for?
when did they move the field goal back
What did Kepner lose?
What areas were being explored by others in  by sea faring vessels and when are they believed to have arrived  ?
who produces the most coffee in the world
the national science day is observed every year on 28 february in honour of
where will the champions league finals be played
What percentage of female matais are there in Samoa?
Which philosopher argued that atheists could indeed be moral men?
In 2009, what was the first name of the former Queen member Brian May told fans he had a better understanding with?
How is UTF-32 widely used? 
What type of fraud is it?
who held the most seats in the senate in 1818
exotic animals must not be exploited as what?
Give the name of the person who released a statement about the film
The physician Galen was from which country in history?
What did the New York woman say?
When is his trial date?
what is the name of the 4th halogen
what came first where wally or where waldo
What has no distinction between the categories  of voiced, voiceless, aspirated and unaspirated?
who sings the song i hate myself for loving you
when does andi mack ep 13 come out
If you were to position your receiver closer to the ground what might be a negative of this placement?
What does Aniston's ad for Smart Water show?
when was the end of the f * * * ing world filmed
where did the name trail of tears come from
who calls Rep. Tom Lantos "a true American hero?
non profit organizations are commonly known for supporting
who was the chairman of the state re - organising committee
What was the result in the decline in sea level in the middle of the Carboniferous period?
what was the song miss american pie about
What cities did the suspect target?
What did researchers use?
Which groups are involved?
Who ran the Boston School for Deaf Mutes?
After a leaf-spring was moved from jack to the plug, the most stressed part was found where?
Where was the priory of Poissy located?
who does the voice of scarlet in minions
who is said be the father of volleyball
What age was the girl?
What are the group travelling on a us issued licence planning to do
Who is the Secretary of State?
How long after his inauguration was Bill Clinton's speech?
who sings hot town summer in the city
which bennet sister did mr. collins first propose to
What has got Senate approval?
What reason did David Quammen believe that On the Origin of Species was weakened in later editions?
who is winning
50 000 word novel without the letter e
Who can the power-share deal not work with?
What is Leigh's work known for?
this refers to an old ritual of formalizing an engagement to marry
What industry is Madison Avenue associated with?
Other than football, what other sports are popular in Portugal?
when and where did the great awakening take place
who was the first person who discovered gravitational pull
where did the murders take place
rough endoplasmic reticulum is the site of synthesis of
What is a variation of black-box testing?
What was Buckingham Palace orginally known as?
how many letters are in the hungarian alphabet
What did Iraq's ruling found for discussion?
who wrote shake it off by taylor swift
Why are older neighborhoods in San Diego popular with cyclists?
what were all the final destination movies about
who died at the gunfight at the okay corral
Which song is the best selling coronation song of all Idol seasons?
What 1350 writer stated that cotton was produced by sheep that grew on trees?
What are couples urged to do?
who needed the heart in the wizard of oz
Did he show remorse?
a sequence of cell divisions that begins after fertilization is called
what does the d.c in washington d.c stand for
What does Cameron Diaz trust in when dating?
What is  the percent tax?
What do the Armenians see the events of 1915-1917 as?
where were the beach scene from chariots of fire filmed
Along with Norway, what country borders the RSFSR on the northwest?
What does the email from British police suggest?
where was the harmony of the seas built
Who fired the police officers?
what are the ghost 's name in pacman
Who replaced Bateman's successor?
where was war on planet of apes filmed
What group did the conservatist work for?
A contract can be given to someone who is not the best what?
What options were available that effected the cost of the Victor Orthophonic Victorla?
who sang the song mind your own business
where was the film cowboys and aliens filmed
how many mlb players are in the hall of fame
in which layer of the skin are melanocytes located
who built the titanic and where did they build it
How many were injured in the fire?
in what year did the spaniards and portuguese drive the arabic moors from iberia
what was built by the inmates of changi prison camp
Under whos reign did the lute become popular?
What is STOIC's modern name?
What will the army field-test
What is the strip of 27th Street between Tenth and Eleventh Avenues known as?
Which interface did the NES use?
What was his best known work?
Were there any dead or wounded?
How many children does Bourland have?
Who's new album is called Scream?
Why do some animals pass food through their gut twice?
who said and now the rest of the story
what happens when bullet is shot in the air
when did they start putting ethanol in gas
the president of the texas senate also functions as the state 's
What was this manifesto called?
what is the best selling nintendo 3ds game
When was the first property for what would become BYU acquired?
When was the Chengdu Economic and Technological Development Zone approved?
sacred word in hinduism used as an object of concentration
which state of us was once a french colony
Who has the drugs now?
where does the right subclavian artery supply blood to
who won the superbowl between ravens and 49ers
what does right wing and left wing mean in politics
who owns ben and jerry 's ice cream now
What are organ shortages?
who wrote the song angel by fifth harmony
How many different indigenous languages are spoken in the Americas?
Who turned down the appeal?
who plays hanna on the haves and the have nots
What type of treatments does the Menninger Clinic offer?
What is the second language for most Portuguese in Guinea-Bissau?
What does the flight attendant allege happened?
Where did the storm hit?
What was the Golden Nori carrying?
Once the popularity on the lectures grew, who began to attend?
Which places were added to the new county of Cheshire?
Who is Heigl going to spend more time with?
who asked Obama not to attend breakfast?
who ruled the holy roman empire in 1509
What does Oklahoma spend per student in public schools as of 2008?
who shot the most free throws in nba history
After what war did the states economy improve?
What is the mother church of the Angican Communion?
what kind of fish are in knoll lake az
who does the voice of special ed on crank yankers
What area was Roman Tarraconensis language different from?
Whats the Secretary of Education called?
What two groups grew quickly during the Middle Ages?
What part of the Hinduism belief system did the Upanishads attack?
which star wars movie was boba fett in
What has been remastered?
Who's marriage coincided with World AIDS Day?
when does season five of vikings come out
Where did the shootings take place?
who was involved in the battle of lone pine
What does MIlton Diamond say about the terms heterosexual, homosexual, and bisexual?
What was  the Soviet Union suffering from in the 1980's?
when was the second tacoma narrows bridge built
letters of the alphabet in order of usage
Which bus operates on 10th Street between Avenues D and A and between West Street and Sixth Ave?
Did the daughter have any children?
where does the processor fetch the instructions from
Where were the citizens convicted?
who was the shrew in taming ofthe shrew
What does McMahon tell Larry King?
What did Ivins use to convert wet anthrax into dry powder
What theme was Beyonce's early music?
what do economists mean by the acronym tanstaafl
When did the BeiDou system begin transitioning to global coverage?
Pinochet ruled what country?
Which team tops the Premier League?
when did the last starwars movie come out
new radicals you get what you give video location
What nationality was the soldier
when was the last time the dallas cowboys won the super bowl
Who created the position of Minister for Coordination of Defence?
who discovered the occurrence of oil on assam
who took the initiative to form the warsaw pact
what is in the attorney's webpage?
Who recognized hydrogen gas as a discreet substance?
what is the name of national game of pakistan
Religious services for other religions were tolerated as long as they adhered to what rule?
What is more cost-effective, heat from incandescent bulbs or heat from a building's heating system?
What book is Robert Boyle believe to have written after being inspired by Philosophus Autodidactus?
What results in lengthy prison sentences as well as subsequent probation, large fines, and orders to pay restitution directly to victims?
What is included between the transmission line and the antenna element?
when did singapore officially became a part of the british empire
when did the movie blood in blood out come out
Where did Biden speak with first responders?
what tablet was used for testing?
how many people were in the snowball fight?
how much did toto make in wizard of oz
What did Cyrus do to Lucas Till in film?
What is Wayne Counties average income?
which is the name of the comic?
where was it happened at the world 's fair filmed
what causes disbled people have to leave gigs
what time is game of thrones based on
who plays jack dalton on the new macgyver
What must a prophet do?
The parliament in Berlin is called what?
the second great awakening was what kind of movement
who plays brooke logan on bold and beautiful
What is the age of the killer?
When was the Lorelei Fountain written about?
How many bits of control flags did USB 2.0 add?
who wrote how come you dont call me anymore
What did Texas authorities install?
who were the female singers in fleetwood mac
when did construction commenced of st peter basilica
What vowel stays distinct?
In what year did the study in Cryptologic Spectrum come out?
What percent of the American population is transgendered?
when do we use pivot table in excel
When did the theater in the Plymouth Athenaeum close?
What was the age of the girl?
Where is the energy stored by a capacitor located?
What are some bitumen emulsions blended with to make a low-cost product?
What was Abu Dujana sentenced to?
What group guestioned the disaster?
what type of tissue is the uppermost layer of the skin
what was she found guilty of?
where does the school of athens take place
What term followed "negro" and "colored"?
Which two nations are the central plains divided in?
what can the bills buy
when did tampa bay go to the superbowl
How many people were involved in the Baltic Chain?
who was the oldest president when he took office
who began a lockout
What city did the attack occur in?
Who distributed 'War Horse'?
What is the name of a common alloy?
Where did Elizabeth tour as a celebration of her jubilee?
What was Detroit's murder rate in the mid to late 80s?
How many boroughs did Barack Obama win in the 2012 presidential election?
when did women get the right to vote in canada
What were stronghold called?
¿time it takes travel?
meaning of the proverb if wishes were horses beggars would ride
Where is the rubbish piling up?
In what year did Tuvalu first appear in the Commonwealth Games?
When did the fourth series of Digimon begin?
The transition zone between east and west is called what?
What year did Thomas R. Steels propose the single body union branch?
when did the movie the shack come out
who played cowardly lion in wizard of oz
Who scored 48?
Who was the governor of North carolina in 1767?
Can you tell me the name of Jack Johnson's new album?
what is the point of the staar test
what is the name of the new wonder woman
who played pennywise the clown in the original it movie
What is the definition of Karma from Sanskrit?
Who stated that this does not mean the remaining items are mising?
Which is the westernmost intersection that 187th Street has?
who appoints judges to the courts in ireland
Who battled in the cold war?
Where should profits from higher food prices go?
where is the lincoln memorial located in dc
Where is the shed?
who did the ming dynasty take control after
who sings life has been good to me so far
what body sets accounting standards ( gaap ) in the united states
What instrument did Marsyas know how to play?
Where did the boat capsize?
Ingesting zinc can cause lack of muscle movement and coordination called what?
What style of grammar does Catalan have?
Delhi Transport Company owns the world's largest fleet of buses powered by what type of fuel?
the owner of jaguar cars is based in
What Paul and Rachel Chandler say?
What does tars mean?
Who is in jail?
who has the highest goals in the history of football
Who was a famous engraver that migrated to Mexico City?
What was his record in?
which year delhi became the capital of india
What color of clothing were merchants that had registered with the state forced to wear?
what do brackets in an chemical equation mean
crisis on earth x part 3 release date
What is the Public School number that interrupts East 5th Street?
who is the young actor who plays young sheldon
when did paper pound notes go out of circulation
How long has it been for Lekkow?
When was the first Solvay Conference held?
What kind of cancer did he have?
What brands are affected?
when was the disability discrimination act first introduced
How do the Chinese refer to Tibetan people, language, and culture?
what episode of parks and rec does ben come in
what were the main types of glass first made
What franchies appeal to kids and adults?
Where does the Glastonbury Music festival take place 
What is Paris' top tourist attraction?
Some cardinals are bishop in name only, what are they called?
how many % of votes get CDU
What was terminated?
who has been paid the most for a movie
Which Arsenal representative held talks with the Football Association about getting their backing for the new league?
What charge was Lil Wayne arrested for in July 2007?
Which American president pursued Villa?
who did david hasselhoff play on young and restless
who was allowed to vote according to the declaration of the rights of man
What year was Big Ben built?
What is guaranteed to the states by the federal government?
What he learned at age 19?
What does a perfective verb have added in prefix pairs?
who is the man talking to stick in daredevil
Where is the Ron Clark Academy?
How many federal states does Germany have?
Who ran away after being spanked?
What was the smuggler trying to finance?
when is bring your daughter to work day
How much has the movie made worldwide?
how old must you be to drive in france
when was the first remote control tv invented
who played dr ennis in the original poldark
What does the Georgia insurance commisioner estimate?
What happens if the soverign doesn't sign the bill within the six-month time frame?
who did boots grow up with in the orphanage
When was the printed circuit released for commercial use in the U.S.?
what kind of sentence did the american get
where does the show hunter street take place
what element is the most abundant in the earth 's crust by weight
What did Sarah Palin address?
when was the wreck of the titanic discovered
Which Franciscan monk motivated the peasants to fight against Muslims at the Siege of Belgrade?
How many jobs would be created?
What is the fastest growing form of waste?
What organization did this men previously work for?
Where was the Quran alledgedly desecrated?
In the Bermuda land mass, how many bays are named "Long Bay"?
when does development of the human face occur
what musical has the song you 'll never walk alone
Who played Ari Gold's nemesis?
What do most wonder about peace prize?
What ended Somersets cottage industry 
What can forged meteoric iron make?
What borough has the largest population of ethnic Albanians?
who does the voiceover for come dine with me
When did the BBC start broadcasting under the name BBC One?
How many yards wider is a Canadian football field than an American football field?
In which decade did the Tennessee legislature institute a poll tax?
Name one person that Jewish ancestry traced back to?
when did the sky 's the limit come out
what did iraqi government ban
who sang tik tok and we are who we are
What do many scholars regard the Late Middle Ages as the beginning of?
A book is likely made with paper that has low amounts of what component of wood?
What did many patients have one year later?
what 's the largest school district in the united states
When was the Tempelhof Airport built?
what kind of car does fozzie bear drive
how much of india 's population is muslim
what is necessary for a substance to undergo fermentation
Do shift values for symbols on modern keyboards correspond closely to the ASCII table?
when was texas annexed to the united states
When was the title of prime minister first used?
What did Obama allocate for decorating?
What happens if a Cardinal is named in pectore, and the pope dies?
What year did non hispanic whites once again become the majority of the population?
Where was Simpson arrested?
who decides how much the president will be paid
Who is wearing belts on and off screen?
How much warning was Liberius given before his exile?
what is just in time in operation management
How many wins does the Notre Dame men's basketball team have?
What is the photographic technology that uses copper called?
Nintendo was the sole manufacturer of what component for third-party developers?
what part of a chicken is the keel
Along with its political corruption, why did Forbes call Miami the country's second most miserable city in 2011?
When did the Seventh-day Adventist arrive on the island?
where is yellow sea located on a map
When was 'The Catered Affair' released?
when is women 's ski jumping in the olympics
when did pakistan become member of united nations
how many article at present in indian constitution
where was treasure of the sierra madre filmed
what is the normal level of glucose in blood
how many national championships in football does notre dame have
When did the pirates hijack the vessel?
The prosecutors said gruesome nature of crime warranted what?
What will be nation`s first offshore wind farm?
In which ocean is Tuvalu found?
where does the x files movie fit into the series
How many Johovah's Witnesses were on the island?
maximum number of shareholders in an s corp
What provides bandwidth for the connecting of hosting ISPs and access ISPs?
Around when were the first opaque glazes developed?
What else could technology be used for?
what does sled stand for in law enforcement
who left the wedding
What did preliminary tests show?
who won the first olympic gold medal in basketball
what are the windmills used for in indiana
What kind of endangered species are they eating?
who was the founding father of the bernina sewing machine
who dies in season 4 of grace and frankie
what does the economic concept of guns or butter mean
Which film is adequate with no surprises?
who interviews bush?
What did Biden discuss?
What is the age of "Top Chef" host Padma Lakshmi?
what has bristol palin requested
who has sang to make you feel my love
What is the name of the suspect?
During what period were the Little Tough Guys films produced?
When was Professor Stefan Grimm found dead?
where did coca cola get its name from
Who did Loginova fight off?
What religion did Armenia support?
king kong 's movements in the 1933 film were created using a manual technique called -- -- -- --
What was the name of the first settlement in the area?
What will cause the amount of homosexuality to vary?
A single device can provide a video device function such as?
What did German officials seize from SanDisk on September 2006?
What was the first non-Pixar movie to win the Best Animated Feature Film award?
what is the motto of the coast guard
Which cemetery was Chopin buried in?
What was the response to Kerry's accusation of funding traffickers?
What do men have to do to be allowed into the balls?
Gulf cartels battle for what?
From what city did James Bonsack originate?
What other groups during this period for form minorities?
where is the 2018 commonwealth games going to be held
How many years old is Vela?
tony toni tone just me and you album
What type of governments are included in federalism? 
With who is Tsvangirai in power-sharing with?
What did the Sailor say?
where did the word rapture come from in the bible
What is an okapi related to?
where did the treasure hunters find parkington lane
How many people watched the game?
who was named first runner-up?
Who was the bombing blamed on?
what does the italian name gaetano mean in english
how many dominoes for 4 players mexican train
who sang the original song always and forever
Where does Greece rank in the work with communications?
successful elizabethan dramatist who influenced the work of shakespeare
How long has the civil war been going on?
Where did the victory for Napoleon that secured his political power and increased his popularity in France occur?
what is dc stand for in dc comics
Which society in England also played a significant role in the public sphere and spread of Enlightenment ideas?
When was the Kerala school established?
when is the next census in the us
where does southern california get most of its water
What is the number of pages of the photo spread
how many war and peace books are there
 Lee uses which writing styles to express humor in a tragic story?
what is the original meaning of the word google
where was the movie war of the planet of the apes filmed
the extinct martian volcano olympus mons is about the size of
Where were the four soldiers from?
When did the Soviet Union develop Transformator?
Athletes wearing what kind of flag at any Olympic venue faced the possibility of expulsion from the Olympics?
What was the kingdom of Kenneth MacAlpin?
when was the last time the san antonio spurs did not make the playoffs
When will this extension end?
which country established colonies in present day canada
In what type of writing would a more familiar, standard literary narrative structure be employed?
highest number of internet users in the world
What is the resulting thick liquid called?
Where did the murder take place?
How many hourglasses did Magellan use on each ship during his famous voyage across the globe?
Which Estonian poet's works were printed from 1810 to 1820?
Who replaces Carrie Prejean for the next five months?
When did the ancient Estonian era of freedom come to an end?
what is the drug in beasts of no nation
how many military installations are there in the us
top 10 football stadium in the world 2018
Along with bamboo, what's the other monocot that's a major source of so-called "wood"?
Who said the death is suspicious?
What is Europe's largest university for degrees in communication and performing arts?
Where were the cameras?
what engine does the red bull f1 car have
What city has the biggest population in Michigan?
who is the actress that plays hope on the bold and the beautiful
What is Today's annual cost of the Canadian Forces?
Who is the secretary-general?
how many world series wins does boston have
Is Armstrong's doctor certain when he can start racing again?
What was the price
Who was a professor of civil and environmental engineering at Georgia Tech?
Who is she battling?
what current snowstorm calls for?
What age is Padilla?
How many facilities does the complex have?
what is saturn 's moon titan made of
who played lottie in duchess of duke street
Who was the editor of the Independent?
Which two areas saw a significant renewal after the post-war period and significantly modernised the city?
What charges does Simpson face?
What show was filmed on Panama's Pearl Islands?
what is the name of the monkey in alladin
where did mr jones go in animal farm
What type of plane does he want to fly around the world?
What color was predominantly used?
who is the vice captain of india 2017
who do the cubs play last year in the world series
What list should you remove your ex from?
Where do many buildings constructed during the period of Georgian architecture still exist today?
where travelers?
who played mayella in to kill a mockingbird
How far back does the foundation of The Old Ferryboat Inn date?
What was the amount each coworker put in?
who did youssif also meet in universal studios?
For what audience were the books of the Bibliotheque Bleue written?
Upon what did Jaipal's subjects think he brought disaster?
Who wrote The London Review of 1861?
Number of support personnel?
what year did the ipod touch 4 come out
where did the bidding take place
How did militants get into the hotel?
What is needed to deal with roadside bombs ?
Go Set a Watchman was finished in what year?
Which team does Chris Cook play for?
What happened to Mas Selamat Kastari?
what are the seven layer of osi model
what type of music does milky chance sing
What did the family say in a statement?
who is the current mayor of el paso texas
What side of Miami beach are they?
Who is the secretary general?
What types of rocks sometimes contain uranium?
when did super mario bros come out in america
removal of excretory products from the human body
what happened to the mother on make room for daddy
Who was champion?
Would Wilson do it again?
Orphanage head urges governments to do what?
In what geographical portion of Sudan do some Somalis live?
What action is the UK government considering?
who sings the theme song for nbc sunday night football
who played the original pennywise in stephen king 's it
What was her ethnicity?
Out of how many of the white fireman got a promotion afterwards?
where is the movie after the sunset filmed
when is the next episode of blackish coming out
What magazine put Boston on its Future best City For Biking list?
where was beauty and the beast shot at
Vine Scroll motifs are classified under what kind of tradition?
Where did Bourland's wife go?
How much was he paid to kill her?
Who refuse to comment?
what type of snake is green and black
What happened to gas prices in Canada?
When was improvisation in classical music performance common?
when does comedians in cars getting coffee start on netflix
who is the president of wells fargo bank
in that year civil war ended?
How many had power before the quake?
why is there a ball inside spray paint
who plays ashley on fresh prince of bel-air
who is ray gravell?
When did he march?
When does Classical Sumer end?
What language is not like Catalan in suppletive couplets?
where does funding for private schools come from
How do birds act in the period before migration?
For what reason is it in decline
when does ninjago season 9 come out in america
who is ban ki moon
After leaving Capitol, who did Queen sign with?
who is worth $254 million?
What is the newest surface-mount transistor?
Where is the newly found carbon sink?
What does the video show?
What news gave Hatoyama?
Who led Burma in 1959?
what is the main function of the corpus callosum
What notable bands have played at the theare?
What do nutritionists warn of?
What instruments did disco songs incorporate from house music?
What does Galliano say he can't recall?
What island in the Norfolk Island Group is home to breeding seabirds?
As it relates to England, who is Saint George?
When did the French and British capture the Russian Bomarsund fortress?
What is fencing compared to?
In which specific kind of events can one often find people drinking too much water?
What county in England was named after Hampton?
who try to convince atheists?
How many Vestals were there in Rome?
what is the net atp yield for the anaerobic metabolism of one glucose molecule
Which method did the Victim's father prefer Brunn to die?
this type of receptor is found in the eye
How old was Gladstone after the general election in 1892? 
when was the state bank of india established
who made up the elf on the shelf
What will BP try ?
Which country is mentioned?
How many miles is Guam across?
What language are many Italian dialects derived from?
who directed the union pacific railroad 's movement west
What will a motor do if the load is increased?
What is the average lifetime of a CFL?
who coined the phrase speak softly and carry a big stick
first name of the guy in fresh prince
What age was the actress?
Who was Gaddafi's closest friend in secondary school?
where does adrenaline come from in the body
When is the best time to visit?
when did indigo become a color of the rainbow
what city are the rams football team from
How much of the solar radiation is reflected back into space?
When did Kerry visit Nicaragua?
who was killed in the battle of little bighorn
What state leads in number of shark attacks
who was the body?
What month in New York City is the coldest?
What can cause a break down of a biodiversity system?
What was the victory score?
How many ganglia are on each side of a thoracic segment?
who is seeking better salaries
What was burned during these boycotts?
Where did a man plead not guilty to second-degree rape?
Who didn't show up for CNN's "American Morning?
Who says they have no knowledge?
How many suspects were there?
What is responsible for differences in surface realizations according to Government phonology?
what was Pittman charged with?
who was the chief minister of kpk after the election of 1946
where is the one love manchester being held
Who lost the architectural contest?
What kinds of treats were celebrities receiving?
What is the number of U.S. contractors held in Iraq?
where did the battle of somme take place
What did the defense argue?
Who must march more now?
what does three dots after a word mean
What may help prevent age-related macular degeneration?
where is calderon going?
What is a complex mix of issues?
where is st paul 's cathedral located in london
What formula did a lot of the artists emerging from the scene adhere to?
What was the Irish style mandolin reminiscent of?
What does Lionel Richie say about Nicole?
when did the first cheech and chong movie come out
when was the open championship last played at carnoustie
What are the two hallmarks of the Swiss political system?
who played the female lead in the film pushpak
What aircraft design feature improves launch and recovery cycle flexibilty?
How has mean square ratio been applied?
who is the writer?
How many days did it take for the Romanians give into the Soviets requests?
when did the portuguese explore the gold coast of west africa
In what year was the Act of Abjuration signed?
when was the original catechism of the catholic church written
who wrote keep on the sunny side of life
where are the long thin warts verrucae filiformis commonly found
who has laid in repose in the capitol rotunda
What kind of light is used to illuminate outdoor playing fields at night?
who has the record for the tallest person
Who solved "a major problem in biology"?
when is the peter rabbit film coming out
Animals in what group are thought to form a monophyletic group?
What property of wood could we project some indication of by looking at its density?
Who was the Church of Cyprus hoping to end encroachments of?
when did the foo fighters first album come out
who has the most home runs in red sox history
the first military governor of akwa ibom state
What is the soldier convicted of?
who performed the service at the royal wedding
What are the highest hills in Hyderabad?
What was the name of Flinders book about his trip to Australia?
Who had agreed?
Who is Kevin Smith?
how do you win the triple crown in baseball
Who is investigating?
What are groups consisting of symmetries of given arithmetic concepts?
who does the voice of nemo 's dad in finding dory
who is the voice of salem the cat
waht was the reason behind the hundreds of schools in the UK closing their doors?
In modern day how much does New Haven depend on blue collar jobs?
Since when Xe has held rights to bid against four other firms in a $15 billion jobs pool?
What do many domestic airlines now offer?
which amendment extends the bill of rights to state laws and actions
When did the plane crash?
What are some Alaskan regional hubs?
What happened to Kerstin Fritzl?
When was the Antikythera mechanism discovered?
how many episodes in the shooter on netflix
Who gave a historic speech to Turkish Parliament?
What did Obama pledge during the campaign?
Where did Kerstin Fritzl spend her entire life?
who claim gross negligence and conspiracy to cover up a civil rights violation?
Where is Charlotte motor Speedway located?
Who presented the idea that grew into the DIN?
where does the strip start in las vegas
when does how to get away with a murderer season 4 come out
when did ukraine gain independence from the soviet union
Who hosted the 2010 World CUP?
What societal evolution helped to develop drama and satire by providing a ready audience?
What are used to create geological maps?
Where is their base?
what kind of animal is freddy on barnyard
who is the president of the quorum of the twelve in the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints
Which humans are the messengers of God?
In which century did the process become much cheaper than before?
The idea of "Carpatho-Ruthenian" nation is supported only by Lemkos residing where?
What is the common word is used to describe the combination of tar and macadam?
when did the apple tv 2 come out
During what years was Theodor Hesburgh president of Notre Dame?
What did the component shortage of 1989 force Allan Loren to do with Macs?
Who was Coach Henk Ten Cate sacked by?
who plays nurse anderson in call the midwife
What figures restore health?
What animals attacked a fisherman?
when did houston move to the national league
What is the CEO leader of?
Dr Babatunde Osotimehin hailed from what country?
What song did Sanchez release?
what do they call the beach in new jersey
Who annexed Thessaly and Magnesia?
What does the mom blame
What was the total potential of solar energy found in the estimate?
What does Lisa Bloom say about same sex couples
highest individual score in women 's odi cricket world cup
What year was the treaty ratified?
Are bacteria cells smaller than eukaryotic cells?
who has hit the most home runs in mlb history
What are the Indus River's tributaries?
Where is that scientist have found evidence of water
Prior to Kennedy v. Louisiana, how many states criminalized child rape?
What was Paul Sheehy's job?
What debt did the ECB focus on abtaining?
What year did King George VI visit the island?
When did the newspaper dynasty end?
When Neptune's dark spots migrate too close to the equator, what do they do?
What groups did Hoover deny the existence of?
what is the meaning of hindu in arabic dictionary
What was accused Herman Thomas?
When did cotations to English decisions gradually disappear?
which nba player scored the most points in his career
Who did Johan Cruyff name his son after?
What popularized the use of conventional hybridization to increase yield?
What were the key white hate groups targeted?
where is the largest bell in the world
who is next in line for monarch of england
During what century did the Mughal empire decline?
who has hit the most home runs in baseball
What do they think Obama will succeed in ending
where is the bombed out church in liverpool
what are the only exeptions to the rules?
who serves as president of the senate in his absence
How many metric tons of uranium oxide was used in Chicago Pile-1?
what is the book for
Who does the Taliban target?
when a company pays to sponsor a program on a non commercial station is called
What does theUSB 2.0 specification require?
what are the characteristics of high level programming language
when did the attacks take place?
When did Route 66 begin?
What do top execs at each company dream of?
who was the first woman who ran for president
what was extracted?
who is the actor that shot ricky in boyz n the hood
What type of cheese is the county famous for 
where is this years world cup being held
Who said the CIA director is too important for training?
what year was the first season of stranger things
who plays charles dilaurentis on pretty little liars
who was found guilty
Where did the movie play Sunday?
who played the frankenstein on wizards of waverly place
Who ended up getting most of Valencia's church property?
What number of riders managed to rescue themselves?
What does proportinal control of the field windings in a stepper motor achieve?
How many people are being treated for injuries?
Where did Robert Dattilo flee to?
when did besuty and the beast come out
How were taxes charged in the Tokugawa period?
which unit is used to measure mass in the metric system
who is urging opponents of the regime to stage non-violent protests?
When did the county become more urbanised?
who did the voice of beast in beauty and the beast 2017
what is the real name of kali in kala teeka
where does something old something new something borrowed something blue come from
Where are hundreds of tourists stranded after days of heavy rain?
What is the name of Taiwan's leader?
who wrote i say a little prayer for you lyrics
 On what date did the British army arrive on Walcheren?
three dog night the show must go on album
Whose two commentaries were incorporated into Virgil's biography by Suetonius?
where does bay to breakers start and end
Which of Virgil's works is considered the national epic of ancient Rome?
Iraqi panel is calling for $8 million per victim in the September 16 shooting
how many goals did ibrahimovic scored for barcelona
where are the concurrent powers of the federal parliament specifically stated in the constitution
How many megawatts?
when did xbox one come out in australia
who voices flint in cloudy with a chance of meatballs
During the period from 1989 - 1996, what was the total are of the US in miles?
What was the name of the auxiliary port used to connect additional devices on the Famicom?
also known as adrenaline stimulates the sympathetic nervous system
Who accused Luis Suarez of using a racial slur?
How far back in time do people in 'Terra Nova' travel?
when did the original ghostbusters movie come out
which is the mood of Ms. Burke?
What was this baby screened against?
Where can you travel to nearby?
where is the largest church in the world located
How much higher is the rate of execution in Texas versus the national average?
Who owned the first house built on the site?
what country is this happening in
when did bangladesh become part of the british empire
The Stonewall riots are named after what building?
Which part of a tree can have vertical or horizontal variation in its specific gravity?
who was taylor swift in hannah montana the movie
who sang the original version of my maria
when did my girl by the temptations come out
How long has it been since the Communist Party was defeated?
where is the judge judy show filmed at
Which films is he in?
Where is the Shangla district located?
Whom did Sand's daughter Solange become engaged to?
Who rooted for his ex on Dancing with the Stars?
What year did they die of cancer?
where is mara lago golf course in florida
How many miles of rivers are known for high class trout?
What year did King George III die?
What is Detroit's rate of property crime?
Where is Agordat located?
dont come around here no more video director
who will launch services
Besides occurrences in Canada, where in the US is asphalt found?
What is the only major mountain ranged located between the Appalachian Mountains and the Rocky Mountains?
what do you call a car without a roof
In political federalism what does Presbyterian ecclesiology do?
how many alien vs predator films are there
What are the natural gardens designed to do?
where is the largest museum of india located
what will include evidence?
what is a theophany in the old testament
What day do Hebrews celebrate Passover?
Who claims University of Georgia professor's body?
What large item is abandoned at the Quarry?
where is the waste management golf tournament held
who died in season 6 of grey 's anatomy
Where does informal learning usually take place?
What has Kepler learnt about an old planet?
What did Chelsea Kings dad say?
How many people were killed in the crash?
real name of kartik in yeh rishta kya kehlata hai
when was the movie the big chill made
What type of cancer did Hopper have?
who does the voice of finn the human
what role does finn wolfhard play in it
who 's running for governor in idaho 2018
When was France occupied by Germany?
What does a man from the camp say about the quality of food?
How does the APG system of 1998, with its 2003 and 2009 revisions, treat flowering plants?
What has been increasingly common?
What is industrialization? 
what is the name of the eli lilly insulin variant
level of wizards in lord of the rings
What did Defense Secretary Robert Gates say?
What title did Albert give Edward?
what should grandparents do?
what is the name for the dark spots on the moon
Who is the competition open too?
What two writers examined the lack of an accepted and singular definition for genocide?
What has the government proposed?
When is the Tucson Festival of Books held?
who does simon fall in love with in love simon
What are the three most commonly spoken languages among Jews today?
Who do Nepalese authorities arrest?
when was 5 rupee coin introduced in india
Who do Students at Savannah College of Art and Design get advice from?
Which two national newspapers are located in New York?
what did the suvey found about lowest-scoring countries?
black snake with yellow lines down its back
What is the increase attributed to?
What happened with Pablo Emilio Moncayo?
How many models have been found with problems?
What did the military refuse to do?
What is a common method of misuse?
when did the first slavs get to eastern europe
What entity controlled the Prussian army?
When a system is over-damped, what does it typically not experience?
how many employees does mercedes benz have in the us
What is the method called that mixes red, green, and blue colors to form white light?
What was the demonstration of the Singing Revolution trying to fight for?
Where do colder areas occur within southern Europe?
Where was Popper's academic appointment in New Zealand?
who wanted america to be an agrarian society
What s Boston sometimes called?
when did they start putting cassette players in cars
actress who played young celie in color purple
which ruler issued the first rupiya in country
What was responsible for the drop in Apple's margins in 1989?
What is being done to save turtles from vehicles?
when was 1000 rs note introduced in india
what may the trips address
How many Super Bowls did he play in?
what 's the name of the cat in kiki 's delivery service
which one of the following rivers in india has been declared as the national river
What is carefully defined in the standard?
What sect does 2% of the population belong to?
Where was the man arrested
when does s2 of a series of unfortunate events come out
What does EYS stand for?
What is the name of lyrical novel written by Oskar Luts?
where was the i 'm the one video shot
who was the first ics officer in india
In the late Middle Ages, the Ashkenazi population shifted in which direction?
What was one of the first alloys used by humans?
What is CNN hosting?
what is the fullwidth tilde character code in Microsoft Windows?
when did the industrial revolution start in germany
How many queued?
who played jesse in queen of the damned
How many feet tall was the proposed statue of Schwarzenegger?
who wins if dealer and player get blackjack
Who plays a fairy-tale?
What county were the supplies flown to?
what is the disapproval rating of zelaya?
What is involvement with non-orthodox Jews known as?
first president that was born in the us
who eat the fruit of the lotus flower
who is the u.s. 's biggest trading partner
who owns kentucky fried chicken and taco bell
who is next in line if the queen dies
what does an isp do?
Which company distributed the NES to the UK, Italy, and Australia?
where does fossil fuel natural gas come from
What was the third largest denomination in North carolina in 2010?
What is the name of the organization?
Was she charged?
what does the shots can prevent according to a committee?
when did multiple personality disorder change to d i d
Who built the "ascending room", in 1823?
Why was Brooke being investigated?
Where can it be downloaded from?
When did Sin Hwa Dee move into their own building?
What leader died?
who is the letter of james written to
who decides if we go to war uk
Besides Chelsea, City Island, and Great Island, what other community, locality, or place name is included in the city?
Glen Mazzara is the executive producer of what show?
Who protest about government?
When things go wrong, travel gets more?
Who are "regularly taunted, spit upon and pelted"?
What document draws out the requirements of refugee status?
who sang the original la vie en rose
What century did terms referencing Iran begin to be recorded?
What is the modern replacement for Ceefax?
Who was leading the event where illnesses occurred?
who makes the hosts for the catholic church
who played the bradley sisters on petticoat junction
To whom would you go to acquire the algorithms you'd use for the Joint Test Action Group procedures?
how far is it from capitol hill to the lincoln memorial
who has  called for immediate release of Tamil civilians at camps?
What is an example of secular Northern Brick Gothic architecture from the 14th century?
What pieces of equipment for shooting arrows used to be wooden?
What is the name of the drug?
What type of plants can be found in some canyons?
who 's picture is on the hundred dollar bill
when these soldiers return
What was exacerbated by the tradition of Angevin royal ira et malevolentia?
Who financed a large chunk of the architecture from 1917 to 1931
when did the french give us the statue of liberty
DNA testing may prove who fathered the victim's child?
in what year did brothers first start selling pear cider at glastonbury festival
What is Townsend's first name?
By when did Obama promise a deficit cut?
How many rides did Hubway log in its first year?
What happened in rio de janeiro?
whose downfall could williams not prevent?
Which reviewer called the book melodramatic and contrived?
who is the inventor of java programming language
to spring on one foot and land on the other foot
¿What is firstgroup?
Approximately what percentage is New York City's population of the entire state's population?
What is being added to the list of dorm possesions?
Who is Philbin's cohost?
What does Mercedes' Rear View Monitor do?
who played robert 's mother on grace and frankie
When did the couple get married?
Does Seattle have bookshops?
Which dynasty of Ur was the last great Sumerian renaissance?
who plays bandit in smokey and the bandit
who helped build mission san francisco de asis
Dave Brubeck is what?
Who appeared with Clinton during the SNL opening segment?
how many seat required to form government in pakistan
when did ex on the beach season 7 start
when was the last time that the vikings were in the super bowl
A five-part alloy is known as?
What is the age range of people participating in the U.S. Hickory Open?
From what name does Gooners come?
What did Peck's widow call Lee?
who wrote the lyrics for the song my way
who played the patriots in the last super bowl
who appoints the governors of the states in india
who hit the most home runs for the dodgers
who won the 1980 olympic gold medal in hockey
what is the biggest high school in massachusetts
What city is closest to the Bergakker inscription?
who plays dr smith on lost in space 2018
what is the longest mlb baseball game in history
who sang the song the day the music died
What device can be used to discharge large voltage capacitors?
What type of accessory was the Super Scope?
What kind of supplies were given away?
in the european colonial period northwest africa was primarily under the control of what country
when does the story rip van winkle take place
When will opening arguments begin?
How many insurgents are dead?
which city is the first in the world to be awarded both summer and winter olympics
Along with the Rockford Metros, what was the name of the other team that played in the test game?
when was the internet introduced to new zealand
What collided with helicopter
what bank offices were raided?
who played biff in back to the future
What program gives incentives to private landowners to protect species on their land?
When does show expect to end?
At what age did Wyeth die?
what is the main religion in greece today
Which famous artist did not agree with Galen's theories?
who is  prepared to talk with U.S.?
Where has the providence petrel been seen breeding on Norfolk Island?
where is the new las vegas raiders stadium being built
When did the man run guns?
What was the third Radio Station in the US?
Who is the second marriage for?
What was the Royal Institute responsible for doing with regards to the development of knowledge related to architecture?
where is glastonbury on the map of uk
Who cannot get the price he wants?
Which Executive Order first contained the phrase "affirmative action"?
who plays president petrov in house of cards
Who recorded the song "Listen To Your Heart"?
What country do the Appalachian mountains extend into?
What is the Cayuga name for Oklahoma?
What activities is he accused of?
who informs family of killed in action soldiers
When did Barry Goldwater say his quote?
What team does Miroslav Klose play for?
who is the youngest elected president of usa
What is one reason a late maturing boy may be less confident when comparing himself to others?
who got the most medals in 2016 olympics
Who owns three major casinos?
Who has been ordered held in custody?
who is the boy who plays young sheldon
who plays malcolm from malcolm in the middle
where to find transit aba number on check
The simple dashboard could be accessed by pressing what controller button?
what is the song ring around the rosie really about
when do angela and hodgins first get together
who won season 2 of total drama island
How many cubic meters of gas will be supplied?
What is a definition of signal-to-noise ratio?
What did the policeman offer to do?
What was the nationality of Carl Lange?
When did Altan Khan make peace with the Ming dynasty?
where was the movie a christmas card filmed
Who was in conflict with the prince bishopric 
What is it called
What is improving?
What services were anticipated to be greatly increased as a result of the congestion charge zone?
where is the most wind power produced in the united states
who wrote the song long ago and far away
Who is in the lead?
who played the little girl in the first jurassic park
Around 1200 BC, what was the fall of the regional civilizations called?
What century is the Santo Caliz from?
Who's expanding?
who sang the song cupid draw back your bow
which episode of the office did jj abrams direct
Who should accept the annexation of Poland?
how many different type of cancer are there
About how many soldiers move into the epicenter?
What was Daniel Boyd charged with?
At what venue does the Amateur Boxing Golden Gloves take place?
Why did von Neumann join government work?
where will the 2018 commonwealth games be held
In what ways can you save money while shopping?
What did Jack Daniel lose to?
what is the number of representatives for the house based on
when did the first hot wheels car come out
What will the judge rule on?
What is the name of the Iranian cleric?
who sings with willie nelson on gods problem child
when will the new texas rangers stadium be built
What did FIFA call for?
what type of plate boundary is the san andrea 's fault
In 2003, what percentage of travellers used public transport?
When will power be back on?
What did James Glimm have to say about von Nuemann?
Who is Herman Cain?
How did slave states react to Lincoln's election?
What is  a plant scientist called?
how many hawaiian letters are in the alphabet
What did King do for the US?
what is the meaning of in club zindabad
When was the infrastructure of the postal service destroyed?
who plays jt hellstrom on young and restless
Who was Kerry an Lt. Gov. for?
When was the first paper written about asthma?
Where should the money go?
Who was found dead last November?
who does the voice of mr herbert on family guy
where were bodies hidden?
when does jessica jones season 2 come out on netflix
Who was found shot?
Who is portraying himself as the Anti-Ahmandinejad?
What two factors were taken into account in credibility in the Royal Society?
Who said Leadership has drifted?
when did the dallas stars win the stanley cup
What architecture types does Windows 8 support?
Who received the boxes of cereal?
Which Alaskan native starred in a film also set in Alaska?
who sang the original version of i will always love you
where is mosaic law found in the bible
What was invented in 1886?
Who founded Domino's pizza?
Why was the first settlement named Paleapolis?
Who became Catholicos in Etchmiadzin in 1441?
when did british columbia became a province of canada
where can i go in the carribean without a passport
who has got the most subscribers on youtube
How many provinces were there at the height of Qing China?
who has the most 50 yard field goals
How many stations are there in total in the Nanjing metro system?
who plays karma on how i met your mother
who plays dottie husband in a league of their own
Did he think he would be gone a long time?
where does the process of hematopoiesis occur in adults
how did dracula become a vampire in the book
How much revenue did beer bring in in 2006?
What position did Jimenez hold?
How did the English order hope to gain knowledge of Christ?
pamantasan ng lungsod ng muntinlupa requirements for transferee
when was earth day celebrated around the world
when did the no child left behind act start
Where is iRobot based?
Outside what pub was David Blakely shot?
Who is being voted on in the Mexican midterm elections?
Who deals with tensions, anxiety, hostility
What is Methodism known for, as far as music goes?
What is abandoned at dumpsites?
what are the big rolls of hay called
What are painted do to city policy? 
Whose refusal to end wars with Attalid Pergamum and Rhodes led to the Second Macedonian War?
who does the voice of oscar in shark tale
how many seats imran khan won in election 2013
who lived at the san francisco solano mission
when did world war ii start and finish
What was her post
Which company purchased Latimer's patent?
When was the real Jack Daniel born?
where does the term full monty come from
North Zhejiang and south Jiangsu are famed for their opulence and what else?
Who is the MI5 chief?
where did the sand on waikiki beach come from
How many days did the President of South Vietnam visit the US for in 1957?
What did the Austrian man allegedly do?
what is marley and me about
How many species of bats exist in England?
What is being lead to specialty roles?
who did serena williams beat in the olympics
What year did Schwarzenegger's brother die?
Who ordered Eumenes' execution?
What did the Greek economy have the highest of at the end of 2009?
where did the name rouse hill come from
Who swept into Atlantic Ocean?
what 's the zip code for saugus mass
what is the function of a saggital crest in mammals
Did the rapid rise of motor vehicle ownership and highway developments lead to an increasing or declining inner city population?
Along with predicting the gun data from tracking the target, what else needed to be known about the target to enable the aimed fire?
when did the san francisco 49ers win their last super bowl
who played ed gibb on 8 simple rules
Who placed Dekker under state care?
The Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus is only recognized by what country?
What is the gap between?
What did critics claim that Title VII advocate?
What was voted into the olympics with just two abstentions?
Where was she taken from ?
What is the name of the highest run scorer?
Who was going to lose certification?
The first ship to carry a human through space was called what?
What has Tiger Woods apologised for
where was pirates of the carribean 2 filmed
When will president hold another meeting?
Where will Singh visit?
What year was Maria Deraismes initiated into the Freemasons?
What did Kedafu establish in 1734?
What was the name of the Native Americans that sold them the land?
How many hours of coverage are the TV stations providing?
What former King was not invited to the wedding?
who did chris paul start his career with
Where on Earth is the highest marine activity recorded?
where was the auction
Where are Digimon the inhabitants of?
The mean snowfall between 1981 and 2010 in NYC has been how many inches?
who started his career as the editor of the criterion in 1922
What was Japan considering doing?
when was the 16th amendment added to the constitution
Where was the Super Game Boy 2 released?
How did Rome respond to their successive losses against the Macedonians?
At what former lodging facility in New Haven were scenes from the 1950's classic, All About Eve, filmed?
What is the Afrikaans word for "rain"?
Who orchestrated the massacre in 1995?
What kind of vehicles operate on the Sun Link?
pirates of the caribbean jack sparrow 's first mate
How many Egyptian soldiers died during the fighting?
What conditions would a doctor prescribe antibiotics?
Who declares a state of emergency?
total no of district in jammu and kashmir
What exactly crashed?
What are FBI special agents issued if they fail their first qualification?
What are these conferences in the AFL named?
who does howard 's mother 's voice on the big bang
What is a love test?
Where did Manuela's colleague see a man killed?
who plays older zeke in the get down
From whom did Nasser want to seize control of Egypt's military?
Where did the negotiations with Austria led by Napoleon's brother take place?
who played the baby in baby 's day out
When are results expected?
In which city did many Italians attempt to proffer their services to the Prussian embassy?
What deadly creature can help brain cancer patients?
What races are considered for full citizenship in Burma?
Who says Barca are 'obsessed' with winning final at Real Madrid's home ground?
what part of mexico got the earthquake hit
What languages di Radio Mogadishu originally broadcast in?
when did channel 5 start in the uk
How many marriages does the service boast?
Who decides safe levels of o-zone in cities?
what is demi lovato's first release since checking out of rehab?
where did argentina come in the last world cup
What is the largest cemetery?
which is the first month of the indian national calendar
who sang hold on to what you got
What's happened to some stores?
when does the clock go forward in europe
Where did the Gothic architecture style originate?
Who stars as a couple expecting a baby?
Preliminary results give the incumbent what kind of lead?
how did will smith lose his arm in irobot
What did Mays die from?
where do the resident microorganisms reside in the skin
Following Arthur Eddington's lectures, what did Whitehead  publish?
who held the record for most memorized digits the longest
Where do samurais' teachings live on?
who won the case?
What do Olive Garden sweepstakes winners win?
who plays chloe hall on one tree hill
How many people in San Bernardino County have been forced from their homes?
when did the first wolverine movie come out
What peoples were brought to Charles Town to be slaves?
In which city was Karl Popper born?
What is Mary Dowden's age?
where is st louis located on the map
Who is the fourth official at the Manchester Utd v Chelsea clash?
How many people live in mine-contaminated areas in Afghanistan?
What group defined a list of 82 official Apline summits that reach 4,000m?
What is the goal of sustainable forestry?
how many runs sachin scored in his odi debut
which european country built the first permanent settlement in what is now the united states
Who helped tell the 1992 New York Times story about Feynman?
When did Athanasius return to his position as Patriarch?
Who is the archaeologist that does not believe early humans were hunters?
where does the name cutty sark come from
what reforms are there
when did the magician 's nephew take place
where do the wookies live in star wars
Where did the British initially establish a trading base?
when did the first free settlers arrived in australia
What is Putin downplayiing rumours about?
when was armistice signed between Germany and Allies?
What basic part of civilization has been characterized by achievement and challenges?
how many restaurants did gracie wexler end up owning by the end of the novel
original singer of how am i supposed to live without you
When were most churches and monasteries destroyed?
what song does he dance to in risky business
Who had twin daughters?
From where Tai Shan has been on loan?
where was the bomb?
where are jonathan and charlotte britains got talent from
What did the blast do?
Where did it stop?
What percentage of students are involved in Greek life at Washington University?
who sings the song i 'm going home
the aicpa auditing standards board ( asb ) sets auditing standards for audits of
Feynman proposed a integral model in particle physics, what was it?
how does an nba team clinch a playoff spot
Who is expected to declare independence from Serbia in the new year?
What does the Constitution establish of all Eritrean languages?
when is love yourself tear coming out time
Where was Roy Bennett pulled from?
Who was arrested?
How many medicines was this pilot on?
Who contests the existence of the Armenian Genocide?
What come after the report?
What organization cares about Darfur, but not Gaza?
What were the issue dates of the three-episode series on this public health issue?
What part of him did Le Corbusier say proper architecture touched?
what is the boy scout order of the arrow
What is the largest employer of child labour?
When did North Korea call an end to the armistice?
Where is Knox on trial?
What are the charges against the killer?
What did the accident involve?
charbagh was constructed by which of the following dynasty
In Sri Lanka, what was determined to be the best unifying scripture?
Who is the Prime Minister?
who won season 16 dancing with the stars
What is IDC?
Kanye's creative content company DONDA was named after who?
what was texas called when it became independent
What was believed would happen if the Chinese entered the conflict?
what is the key to recovery?
what was the goal of the puritan colony
who voices marco from star vs the forces of evil
what accounted for british military superiority in the first years of the war
Who is unlikely to block Holder from becoming Obama's AG?
What position was Tito named to for the National Committee of LIberation?
who coined the phrase what happens in vegas
in what country did the event occur?
What borough is connected to New Jersey via the Lincoln Tunnel?
where is sugar cane grown in the us
What entity became the main Qing troops?
What year did the Cubs win the NL pennant?
which nba player has the most playoff points
when did apple release the first macbook pro
who is the suspect?
What is the report's subject?
How would you say "sons" in Dutch?
what are the most populous cities in the united states
where did the dukes of hazard take place
What are the boreholes on Funafuti called?
where did the majority of italian immigrants settled
who scored the most goals in one season in la liga
Who did the attack happen in front of?
when did the doctor start using a sonic screwdriver
who sings the song i hate everything about you
What is leaving crops dry?
What is the name of the yearly ratings published by DesignIntelligence?
where Pentagon bought airplane?
What did protesters attack?
What shape is a cirque, generally?
the first permanent english colony in north america founded in may of 1607 was
What is the sole remaining property owned by Trump Entertainment Group?
What PBS documentary covered the Bronx's music history?
What is stepping into the bg time?
the spartan constitution contained which element ( s ) of government
when was the last time england got through to the quarter-finals of the world cup
Who's commitment will the French move help NATO meet?
Who will release report with goals for combating cyber intrusions?
What biblical passage informs Jehovah Witnesses' refusal of blood transfusions?
how much will the project cost?
who lost their strength when their hair was cut
What breed of chicken is named after a town in Java ?
where did the police powers transferred to?
when did kenyan forces enter somalia
who is running for texas senate in 2018
Whose letter does the introduction to On the Origin of Species refer?
In what season was Donna Summer a guest judge on American Idol?
in the bible what is the unforgivable sin
where is the women 's college world series held at
how many number of vice president in india
What else is also awaiting troubled singer?
who starred in the original star is born
What is the name of the religious a cappella style used with shape notes?
For whom was the Grand Service made?
where does the statue of liberty come from
who played young blanche in whatever happened to baby jane
What are the conditions like in Nigerian prisons?
where is the Plane wreckage believed to be?
where does the last name suazo come from
who was the first king chosen to rule over the israelites
What part of Texas did the boat moor to?
how many times brazil won the world cup football championship
when did construction on the great pyramid of giza begin
What year did Ordnance Survey's new headquarters open in Southampton?
where is the golden state warriors arena located
who was the mexican president who distributed land to the peasants in the 1930s
What was the main focus of the 5th season?
What is the Justice department asked to do?
Who was the first British player in the Premier League to receive a transfer fee greater than £15 million?
when was the last time the guillotine was used for execution
who was shot in the head
What did Hugo Chavez call Israeli army?
how long has the s7 edge been out
What was the group blamed for?
how long has bell been recording his life
Who is the case horrendous for?
who wrote the song sunshine of your love
what ocean zone does the sperm whale live in
what are all the lord of the rings movies
Who did the Secretary of State invite to dinner?
Which which kingdoms did the taifas establish diplomatic relations?
How many warrants were issued?
What is Montevideo classified as?
who wrote the music for the hunchback of notre dame
where did the magma that erupts from mauna loa likely form
How much did the US offer to pay for Greenland?
What faith's standards would the product meet?
who sings the theme song for rescue bots
what was the suspension for
Of which Washington county is Seattle the center?
when did they put lights in wrigley field
where was the village that later became tenochtitlan built
What did Catholic Boy feature?
What are shooters responsible for?
What is marked by a line of red bricks in the ground?
who sang all for the love of a girl
The West, South Asia and Middle East think eating dogs is what?
Who wore Colombian emeralds?
Which film fell by 65 percent in its second weekend?
When did the Somer Isles Company take over managing Bermuda?
A plaster cast of what part of Alberts body was placed in the coffin with the Queen?
in the little man computer the number of mail boxes are
when was you do n 't own me released
what is the salary of the governor of mississippi
Who voices the main character?
When did recovery of these diverse animals begin?
when does episode 2 of attack on titan season 3
when does time change in the united states
What is at stake?
article iv of the constitution explains the relationship between the states and
who plays danny on the new hawaii five o
where does most reabsorption in the kidney occur
Which original member of the AEA held motorcycle speed records?
What do many Islamic and anti-Masonic argue about Freemasonry?
who won season nine of americas got talent
What is the name of the longest avenue in Mexico City?
where does the show the middle take place
What has FAFSA been dreaded for?
What famous landmark is Mysee de l'Armee lat Les Invalides located ner?
How much additional binder does rolled asphalt concrete have?
when is new year celebrated according to the indian national calendar
when was the sound of music first performed
Who did the incumbent defeat?
When did Ontario adopt the Canada Not-for-Profit Corporations Act?
who plays marina in last of the summer wine
when did the samsung mega 2 come out
The two defendants are employees of what?
where are the pores of the sweat glands located
What kind of music does Kanye West perform?
How old was Victoria when she was introduced to Albert?
How many songs does Madonna have on the Hot Dance Club Songs Chart?
What percentage of Iran's population were internet users in 2014?
What is Seattle's bus line called?
How tall was the first office building to be approved in the on Water Street between Bishop's Cove and Steer's Cove?
what kind of horses were used in the pony express
What are two types of revenue obtained through railway transportation?
when did assassin 's creed syndicate come out
When is NASA's funding of the international space station ending?
who said laugh and the world laughs with you
How many crowns were used in Napoleon's coronation ceremony?
What component of wood determines whether it is hardwood or softwood?
How many documents should the new elected king sign?
who wrote i will follow you into the dark
concern is growing about what?
What can early childhood malnutrition cause?
what is the name of riverdale season 2 episode 1
when did nebraska became a right to work state
What city did Jose I make Spain's capital?
What has the US cancelled?
What was Fisherman doing when dragons attacked?
who sang i could not ask for more first
What era saw an increase in permanently settled farming towns?
What farmers are generally less dependent on capital, biotechnology and energy?
Where Roma girls drowned?
who did the philadelphia eagles play in the 2004 super bowl
What can be viewed at Bandelier?
What were both Serbian and Croatian standards based off of?
who plays penny in the big bang theory
What is th ename of the mechanical organ Chopin played in 1825?
Where is Samaras from?
what is the name of the defendant of the case?
What was Bermuda established as after the American Revolutionary War?
who plays sherman in mr peabody and sherman
What kind of role is the head of state in Westminster-based parliamentary governments?
What can impair lung function?
Which mountains contain those parts of Tennessee with a temperate climate?
What does Koolhaas embrace?
What should you do if you are using internet explorer?
who is meeting the pope
Like who did Obama take an optimistic tone?
Troops and rebels exchange fire, killing how many?
Try healthy gifts for what holiday?
What is another term for the Amazigh?
Who claims victory in the vote
What decision is Obama referring to?
what is the most horsepower ( highest rated engine ) you could get in a brand new 1957 chevy belair
where the man worked
When did Freemasonry begin to spread to continental Europe?
when did america become united states of america
What era was underway 505 million years ago?
who has the most wins in a major league baseball season
In what year did a red helium-neon laser come to be?
In what year did the Dockyard Technical College close?
when does kanye first appear in keeping up with the kardashians
Further doubt was cast on what squad?
What does Jordan open to Iraqi children?
Which will prevail in a conflict between international and domestic law?
who is the current longest serving prisoner in the uk
what is the name of the band?
What did Congress do to the Executive Order that would have included financial considerations as a factor for a species to be listed?
What does high-frequency detail lead to?
what does g i stand for in gi joe
what type of air mass is moving in a cold front
What country did not have to succumb to forign rule?
The collapse of the Angevin Empire contributed to the growth in power of what dynasty?
Who is the second largest business district employer?
In additional to rising populations and increased urbanisation, what else did Commercial development increase the need for?
what do u get for winning the voice
Until when did the Funes' political party wage guerrilla war against the government?
who plays anakin skywalker in the phantom menace
Who reported her missing?
who has won the World Blind Golf championship?
which team won the world cup 2015 who did they defeat
What are the two main divisions of Middle Iranian?
What company is known for the electronic charity box?
What language are google search terms now available in?
according to locke how many types of natural rights
Which birthday `Sesame Street` celebrating?
What is the U.S.'s largest museum complex?
At what age did Gautama venture out from the palace area?
What kind of game is Formula One Championship Edition?
Who  is on suicide watch in jail ?
who won the men 's ice skating in the 2018 olympics
Who is the president of the academy?
what is the highest number of stars a general can have
Where is Michael Jackson's Walk of Fame star?
What is the equivilent to the US Standard A17.1 called in Canada?
When did the mandate expired?
what remains were found
When was the man's death?
who confirm entry list
who played lucille on kevin probably saves the world
when 's the last time easter fell on april 1
In the United States, how many important steps are usually present in the administration of capital punishment?
Who has an "imperial madness"?
Do superdelegates get to choose their vote?
Who was ousted?
when will the last throne of glass book be released
Moore "surprised" to see Bhutto do what?
where does the prince of bel air take place
Who is buildings resorts across the country
What library would like to track down the books?
where will college football championship game be played
Who could be sentenced to death a second time if convicted again?
How many tites have they won?
who gave women 's right to vote first
where is beaumont texas located on the map
what does the title monsignor mean in the catholic church
How many passengers used PortMiami in 2007?
What was considered part of A cappella until the Baroque period?
Who fell Monday?
what is the meaning of el condor pasa
What can fluctuate wildly in Miami?
who died in agents of shield season 3
How long are they meeting for?
who sang the original version of me and mrs jones
What change in date motivated the change in calendars?
Who commanded the the voyage between 1601 and 1603?
what was posted on microblogging sites
Who else did Judge Pontius believe should be blamed for France's actions?
Who sent employees to buy drugs for company use?
what Everton recover from 2-0 behind to earn a 2-2 Premier League draw?
In what year did Pfizer's patent over Lipitor expire?
which ocean is the biggest ocean in the world
when did the mountain meadows massacre take place
Who appointed five Aboriginal Protectors for the Aborigines of Victoria in 1839?
when was  attack on Combat Outpost Keating?
who took a firm stand in the boston police strike
when did apple watch series 0 come out
who was under the rubble for three days?
Whom had AIDS?
who is the keyboard player for the rolling stones
What does Firefox's version for Windows 8 do?
who wrote the song i d like to teach the world to sing in perfect harmony
What did the Tamil leader wear around his neck?
All Freemasons are progressively initiated, passed, and raised in three degrees of what?
Why did Dorgon keep Beijing as his capital?
what is the name of the host of the bachelor
how many stanley cups did the new york islanders win
Where was Lord Of The Rings filmed?
who is the richest person in the india
Who gained the most from the Karabakh War?
tax implemented to curb the carbon emission of cars and pollutants by factories
Who has a greater history of unitary states? 
Which Queen song was featured in the autumn of 2009 on Glee
what is the lub sound of the heart
According to Dibben, what are the benefits of applying process metaphysics to examining management and business administration as a component of social science?
who won season 12 of hell 's kitchen
What items have archeologists found so far?
What group was she lead singer for?
In what year was AT&T's "Picturephone" device introduced?
Will Bush's policies stand?
What was the name of the company that held the patents from Edison's research?
What does john kerry say?
Who stripped striking cabin crew members of travel perks?
What did Huxley's 1860 article in the Westminster Review promote?
How many CDs had been distrubuted around the world by 2007?
What was he known as soon after he died?
Where did the capital move to after the reign of Guangwu?
What is the name of the era that predated life on Earth?
What was the principle was this type of hunting said to violate?
The Big Bang model is solidly established in what?
How many victims were found in the basement?
what is the top layer of concrete called
What was the purpose of the dual carriageway?
What is not required but can be chosen to protect a player from head injuries? 
who is the original singer of careless whisper
What was the main export of Libya?
What could be sued for under civil or criminal law?
Who killed an Australian commando in Southern Afghanistan?
Who unknowingly exposed patients and staff to TB, the hospital says?
when was the last time easter sunday was in march
How many customer support employees did Dell move to Round Rock in 1994?
What acts have caused the population of Greeks to be numbered so few in the country who name is reminiscent of a big American holiday?
what is the fat mouses name in cinderella
Who was on the committee that found a new site for Washington University?
Who is McConaughey starting a family with?
Where did Frank die?
What zoo is in Reid Park?
Who is the current sponsor? 
where does atlantic ocean meet gulf of mexico
What sector puts up most of Southampton's economic contribution?
What did the French Battalion's efforts do to the PVA forces?
Who developed the HDI?
What are the people from the Balkans who emigrated to Turkey called?
When did true birds first appear?
where does bush speak
What is an example of a product Wall Street invented to answer the demand for income generating investments?
who is the chief justice of the usa
who has the most stolen bases in yankees history
The evolution of Grecian culture has evolved over what time period?
where is the heart located in a human body
who is the grandmother in i feel pretty
where were the winter olympics held in norway
when did france get rid of their monarchy
i can be your hero baby original singer
who recognized the appeal of herodotean story-telling of historical events
what is the elevation of the royal gorge bridge
What genre is at the root of all American music?
How long did the Islamic Golden Age last?
celine dion it 's all coming back to me now lyrics meaning
Which government declared victory?
What is the ecological stress point
What mountain lies in the west of Nanjing?
what team was involved
How many signatures are required on a discharge pertition?
when does the challenge champs vs stars start
who is the writer of the ugly duckling
What does the woman sob about?
when did benjamin orr of the cars die
what does the j in sainsbury 's stand for
China's goal is to have how many pandas in captivity?
who sings sunday morning by the velvet underground
What did O'Neal learn?
Where had the Slavs settled by the end of the 6th century?
What was Ingmar Guandique guilty of?
How many soldiers did Eisenhower ultimately send to Vietnam?
What is the average snowfall in southern Oklahoma?
what is the rank of master chief in the navy
who controls the budget of the united states
guy who sings scotty does n 't know in eurotrip
What is the combined international trade in cotton?
how many acres is shinnecock hills golf course
when does bill cypher appear in gravity falls
when was She sworn in?
What did the male diver tell police?
Why was the border between Mexico and the United States established one league south of San Diego Bay's most southern tip?
who is the man that played black panther
How much will annie leibovitz have to pay?
who is boyd 's dad in last man standing
when was the last time england won their world cup group
who created the civil service system in china
In which American Nestle plant hs bateria been found
Who lost the 2015 Nigerian presidential election?
Where is the estate of Bernard Madoff located?
who is driving the 16 car in nascar
What are natural and social sciences a subcategory of?
Where are most of the troops in Japan stationed?
when did stevie wonder released his first album
where does place beyond the pines take place
His biggest dream is to be a great husband and a great what ?
How many percent of the public thinks stimulus has benefited the middle class?
What video game console uses infrared LEDs?
Instead of a traditinal relay, where was the track the torch was carried in Pakistan?
what is the value that occurs most frequently in a distribution
when did the housing choice voucher program start
which is the biggest nuclear power plant in india
What counterpart of earlywood are scientists still trying to explain the formation of?
Who was no comment on seizure of plant?
Who has an edge in the gop
What type of water is best for making pale lager?
Why is efficiency sometimes lost in phosphor-based LEDs?
WHo succeeded Oleg in 913?
two lines in the same plane that do not intersect are called
how many seasons of las vegas tv series
where is san angelo texas on the map
What was leaked?
In the photophone, light carried sound and what?
what does the word skol mean for the minnesota vikings
the site of the first battle of the civil war
Who proclaimed House Unity Day in Chicago?
The Kellogg Institute for International Studies is part of which university?
What popular group performed at the Paris Exposition? 
between which two state is the krishna godavari water dispute notice
What term designated the noble class of polish Lithuania common wealth?
where was sycorax banished from before she came to the island
when does rainy season start in south florida
the prophet who received the revelation of the qur'an was
What is the single nation with the most visitors?
Which country is facing a economic problem?
when was the wailing wall built in jerusalem
What towns are having protests?
what was the host animal of the black plague
who is the president of the French Football Federation?
last time houston were in the world series
real name of teacher in kapil sharma show
Have theere been any types of chickens who were really good at cockfighting?
Who did she thank in her victory speech?
Poppers notion of verisimilitude leaves no place for which kind of probabilities in the evaluation of scientific hypotheses?
where did parkinson 's disease get its name
who played morticia addams in the addams family tv show
last governor general of india under east india company
when did baby i 'm worth it come out
what age does douglas have?
Which company sponsors the show Gulder Ultimate Search?
Who did Chelsea beat to win the League title?
Who admitted intentionally gaining access to government systems?
when was the last time the celtics won the championship
where is the hearing center located in the brain
When was Johan Cruyff first crowned footballer of the year while playing for Barcelona?
who played guitar on mama i 'm coming home
how does the next in line to the throne work
what does Crittenton agreed with?
who serves as a primary connection between the population and the criminal justice system
who gets their leg eaten in the walking dead
What is the sex ratio gap in Thuringia?
who has the right of way in international waters
what does "Anatomy Lab" iPhone app allow?
when does episode 3 of guardians of the galaxy come out
who is ted talking about in how i met your mother
Who believes prescription drugs killed the "King of Pop?"
Will Fuji International Speedway continue to host the Japanese Grand Prix?
How many fans does comic con draw
What is Mecca celebrating?
Who won the Madrid Masters?
How much does Kenya need?
what helped her rebuild
What does the government of this country provide to businesses that produce content?
what was the number one song on october 14 1989
What do the charges involve?
where was the first krispy kreme store located
Who believed for years that her son had been cremated?
what is the total number of letters in greek alphabet
What lectures did Whitehead present in 1927-28?
where is the woman who plays wonder woman from
what is a private in the british army
Has anyone claimed the body?
Who said "industry only responds when you threaten regulation"?
Which actor has been asked to mediate?
where does robin live in how i met your mother
what 's carly 's last name in icarly
What do the prosecutors say?
inner lining of the fibrous pericardium is formed by
who donated the kidney
How many shocks ranged from 4.0 MS to 4.9 MS?
What did Bell help his final student get rid of?
what is the role of the endangered species act
which team won first world cup in cricket
Who did Gaddafi claim created H1N1?
What year was ground-based air defence taken from RAF?
Who raised Victoria?
when did la marseillaise become the french national anthem
What is used to offer a balance in guarantees?
What is the reward?
who played the wife on the joey bishop show
what habit did she quit?
what were the number of casualties
what is one of the main factors in the collapse of the habsburg empire
what is Panetta plans?
Who are targets of haters?
What about the border dispute
Did cubism influence other fields outside of painting and scuplture?
when was the western wall built in jerusalem
Who objected to the farm bill?
Who consolidated their hold with the emergence of the Kingdom of Israel, and the kingdom of Judah?
What did Nasser do after mass demonstrations?
What is another type of configuration in which a capacitor may have its connecting leads arranged?
who appears on the united states $ 20 bill in 1875
who has the record for the longest time in space
Which  Alexander Archipenko piece was similar to other Cubist scupltures of that time?
Which organization is conducting DNA testing
where is dawson 's creek supposed to be
when does brian come back to family guy
Who argued over the changes in the drill plan?
highest proportion of area under irrigation in india
Who visits Nankana Sahib?
who plays amy farrah fowler 's mother on big bang
when was the last time there was a tsunami in hawaii
when is a suspect informed of the charges against him or her
what is the number of pirates where detained?
who played lily on the drew carey show
actress who played abigail on days of our lives
What they used?
Who has heard countless stories about "Street's" benefits?
What state did the plane crash occur?
who won the big 10 football championship in 2016
where the bullet is lodged
speed limit on a roads in the uk
What is the Arabic term for Quranic exegesis?
rise of the planet of the apes movie heroine name
who played grace 's daughter on will and grace
who sang you 're the best thing that ever happened
where was gim me gim me gim me filmed
With which Roman God was Portugal associated with?
who was the chicano leader who worked to unionize agricultural workers
The climate of Greece in the Northwest is known as what?
How many people have died this way?
What are some people reluctant to spend money on during the crisis?
What is company that makes beer typically known as? 
What animals were equipped with electronic tags?
when did world war 2 start in europe
What did people do when West's name was mentioned?
What is the amount of snow that has fallen in parts of the Midwest?
Who opened the door for indie rock groups in 1990s?
Who died after 18 years as head of the church?
What were the joints?
when 's the last time the los angeles dodgers won the world series
who sings whole new world in aladdin movie
In what year was the Imperial Tientsin University founded in China?
How many organisms in the insect species are Diptera or Cleoptera parasitoids?
where was the bridge scene in annie filmed
What year did Bill Clinton win North Carolina?
what songs did chris stapleton write for other artists
who organized the august 1991 coup attempt in the soviet union
Until he was deposed, who was the leader of Italy?
Where did dozens of Libyans gather
how many innings must be played for a baseball game to count
what was network records also known as?
What was the currency of Greece until 2002?
How many people can be missing?
What was the reason the shuttle did  not land in Florida as planned?
what was the name of the boat in the movie titanic
What was that fate?
what is the new york rangers goal song called
What is the name of the auction site?
who led the mission to open up trade in japan
how many seasons of the magnificent seven were there
When did Medvedev announce the measures?
In which direction were the dead facing when they were   buried?
who played bo duke on dukes of hazzard
Who argued against regulators?
who wrote the song manic monday for the bangles
which is the main source of electricity in india
Who said she is a supporter?
What Buddhism says that salvation is unattainable?
What do NPOs in South Africa give to their donors?
What type of state government exists in Eritrea?
What did young Russian fans erect?
Who will have charges leveled against them?
when does the new season of first 48 start
What was the name of the final album of Destiny's Child?
How many courses do undergrads typically take each quarter?
when did the show stranger things come out
What can imperfective verb undergo to make other imperfective verbs?
What does he say determines greatness?
Who took the blame for the slow typhoon response?
What will the U.S. regret?
what is the most populous city in the usa
Pangaea beginning to break apart created what new sea?
What has become a nerds' paradise?
when does sloan die in grey 's anatomy
who sang you put the lime in the coconut
Where did they march?
What was Otto Neurath an important member of?
who was the inventor of the spinning jenny
What position of importance other than Senator did Everett Dirksen hold?
who was ariel winter in cloudy with a chance of meatballs
What district is Leulumoega the capital of?
What did the decree of Valens do?
how many episodes in into the badlands season 1
what was the outcome of the battle of bulge
Where is the planned military operation located?
what is now open
when did sims 4 come out for xbox one
when does fate stay night heaven 's feel come out
who is the only to have taken a hat trick in both innings of a test match
what organisms begin the soil making process in primary succession
What will the displacement be for the HMS Queen Elizabeth?
who plays red on orange is the new black
when does the last episode of rick and morty air
what was the number one song on june 20th 1991
What did quadraphonic recording feature?
when were the pair arrested?
the growth and success of the american southwest depended on
what factors made it possible for an industrial revolution to occur in europe
when was the last time the houston astros won the world series
Dionysus was a deity in whose tradition? 
who won an emmy
What did the UN create/.
What did Hayek believe was the core responsibility of the state?
During the rule of what two groups did dance and music from North India become popular?
Who is holding the bible?
who led investigation into the legality of apple 's accounting practices during the 2000s
In what month and year was smoking banned in public places in Scotland?
who was the young jedi in revenge of the sith
Washing with what removed the radioactivity?
The problem of the Middle East was published by who?
Who is suffering from paralysis?
How many children have died?
Who won the 2011 Caribbean championships?
when was the last time england made a world cup quarter final
What Janes Napolitano said about marshals?
What did Paterson do?
In a recent town hall meeting, Hilary Clinton says what's?
Who wrote De Re Aedificatoria?
who does voice for joe on family guy
What did Keith Hudson say?
What type of laser is used in a LaserDisc player?
What bus line uses the city as a hub?
who plays cyrus on when calls the heart
who won the super bowl between the patriots and eagles
What body ruled the Eisenhower was not a professional writer?
who wrote that do n 't impress me much
where is the i am feeling lucky button
what is the force of gravity at the surface of mars
The palace frequently hosted which type of events prior to the death of Prince Albert?
What is a variorum?
How old was he when he was consecrated?
The Northern Ireland Executive meets with what other government to develop policies for the island of Ireland?
the silver coin used as currency during delhi sultanate
What are setae?
What year did the U.S. win
What did Smart Traveller test this month?
Who was Labour M.P. in 1986?
What percentage of people in Burma are related by linguistically lines to the Khmer. 
who will examine options?
Who defeated the native Prussians during the 13 century?
He was a member of which president's inner circle during the Cuban Missile Crisis?
When in the 19th century was the US navy modernized?
What can insulate against cold or hot conditions?
Hypersexual behavior in male dogs is diminished by what?
What is happened in the US that did not happen in Brazil when slavery ended?
What country made John Stepanchuk its consul-general to Kiev?
who won this season 's food network star
In what form is Selenizza offered?
who wrote fantasy by earth wind and fire
what is the lawsuit about?
Who was Jan Baudouin de Courtenay's student?
What can optional acute accents indicate?
What was created for the sake of comparing English dialects?
What kind of injury can cause a no contest ruling?
Who reported the last minutes of Space Shuttle Columbia?
the term used to describe the contractions of the uterus
What title was given to the Mau's elected leader, Tupua Tamasese Lealofi?
How many pubs were part of the CAMRA survey?
What climate was restricted to the equatorial areas?
when did raiders of the lost ark premiere
what happened to mount vesuvius in 79 ad
who developed the first classification system for living things
first explorer to discover new land west of europe and africa
how many episodes are there in doctor who season 10
Who was the first notable king of the Franks?
What are three of the most common birds in the British Isles?
real name of isha in savitri devi college and hospital
What is this movie about?
What did the message state?
which was the amount of money fined by celtics
What was one thing the UK wanted in return for granting access to Bermuda?
at what depth was the quake
When did the second shooting happen?
Who meets Vladimir Putin ?
where is the black sea located on the map
what did the yelling prevent
Nintendo's marketing strategy aimed at what aspect of the consumer via realism?
What latitudes see more extreme changes in the length of their days and nights throughout the year?
what is the connective tissue that covers the epiphyses of a long bone
How did the king feel about what was said in the Case of Prohibitions?
The Ottomans controlled what islands b y the end of the 15th century?
What company does the owner own?
Who opposed the European Federalism? 
where did the detroit pistons play before little caesars arena
where do st louis cardinals have spring training
Where did Ball have a laryngoscope lowered into his larynx?
which is the primary purpose of using the tar command
the meeting of indian parliament are summoned by
What was Philips' multimedia system?
Months that the Chief of Staff will serve in jail?
who did the voice of edna mode in the incredibles
What acts by Napoleon laid the groundwork for modernized Education in France and much of Europe?
who wrote the music for the national anthem
How do digimon evolve?
What is difficult to access?
when did ethanol start being added to gasoline
what is the fourth amendment in the bill of rights
Where are many of the corporate headquarters and other tall buildings located?
how long did he pitch for the indians?
Flash floods and landslides are possible in Mindanao and where else?
What are children from British families struggling with?
who was the last emperor of the mughal empire
what came first luke cage or jessica jones
who played rebecca 's mother on this is us
when is the last time it snowed in miami florida
when does hodges wife die in criminal minds
Who said"Privilege creates blind spots that conceal the harm they do"?
when was snowboarding half pipe added to the olympics
What did Daniel lose a fight with?
who wrote the song they do n 't care about us
who was the only nfl player to be awarded mvp from the losing team
How was the republican sentiment in Britain changed?
When did Arsenal join the Football League?
In what jurisdiction were Internet Archive's counterclaims filed?
Who is in the lead going into the final race?
What does prayer usually include in Islam?
What are in first class cabins
What agency provides fire fighting and rescue service in London?
What device uses infrared LEDs to measure oxygen saturation?
Who won Oscar for role in "A Streetcar Named Desire"?
What is the purpose of training the puppies?
what misfit Robinho makes a winning second debut for?
What does the FEPC stand for?
who has qualified for the most world cups
Who will become the new president of Juventus?
what did sunni imam say
What is Miami's world rank in terms of how impressive its skyline is?
What city is central to the economy of West Tennessee?
Who scored goals against the Rangers?
During the 1930s, Arsenal won how many League Championships?
In the second quarter of 2008, what was the Portuguese unemployment rate?
What does Oz tell Winfrey
Who did the Indians offer haven to
What has just been released.
where was the first microwave oven placed for testing
How many people died this year in the war between authorities and traffickers?
To how many academic journals does the Brown School Library subscribe?
Who ran past bodies?
How did people attempt to rationalize or reconcile the concept of natural selection?
who played the drums on in the air tonight
who went missing from the manic street preachers
how many aid groups were expelled
What did Sriharan start on Minday?
who plays ben wyatt on parks and recreation
Who was the winner of the crest competition? 
Who is the American international defender?
when did the us send troops to europe in ww1
How many Liverpool fans died as a result of the Hillsborough disaster?
When was Dr. Bilal Abdulla found guilty of conspiracy to murder?
who wrote the carpenter 's song close to you
when did the minnesota north stars move to dallas
What are the names of the three Chinese citizens who are living in New York, and are considered the alleged leaders of the counterfeit operation?are  living in New York?
who plays the twins in the matrix reloaded
Which users are also posting swine flu songs?
who sang oh i just ca n 't wait to be king
How do DNA changes affect plants?
what is the origin of the vastus medialis
the actress who played lois lane and giselle
who is the founder of kolkata medical college
how many sacraments are there in the eastern orthodox church
who died in harry potter half blood prince
What were universal motor pole pieces constructed from?
what is the age of the man
Who is the actor who is mentioned?
How many votes are needed to pass the House bill?
what is it called when the president commutes a prison sentence
Army marine corps says what will affect promised time off for corps?
Who accepted the lifetime achievement award?
When was Scott Brown is sworn into office?
2 ) who is the current manager of liverpool fc
nba team with longest streak of consecutive championships
Who completed an eight-day ground offensive?
What is he suspected of?
What does the word "Neder" translate to in English?
where did the first settlers of hawaii come from
who plays the sax solo in i will always love you
when did sonic the hedgehog cartoon come out
To what city did Eisenhower travel to May 1942?
What is the average annual snowfall in Tibet?
what is the meaning of electronic fund transfer
who is the actor that plays the cat in the hat
when was the last time a wildcard team won the superbowl
IN what matter is the money to be spent
What are some differences between House and Disco music?
which british prime minister declared war on germany
when did the uk get rid of the death penalty
What was the name of Alonso de Salazar's ship?
What was the score of Djokovic loss?
when was the last time the 76ers won the championship
what is cited as a major problem?
Along with Georgia, what American jurisdiction allowed people to be executed for the rape of an adult prior to Coker?
Are previous leaders a hendrence to the current government?
where did pink floyd get their name from
what was the number one song on august 24 2002
Who has studied the lives of wrestlers?
Crazy noises from indigenous animals, frequent storms and hazardous reefs earned the islands what name?
What is the opinion of prosecutors?
What are the Premier League's revenues for 2009-10?
Who shot Daphne with a leaden arrow?
Who was barred for corruption charges?
what is vfd in series of unfortunate events
Angela Merkel leads ceremonies to mark how many years since collapse of Berlin Wall?
What were eight accused of doing?
What happens to children with congenital insensitivity to pain?
How much time does a Jordinian leader have to sign or veto legislation?
why is texas call the lone star state
What is Raleigh part of?
What type of hunting is unlawful?
who played hope logan on bold and the beautiful
which is the plant native to india with the largest inflorescence in the world
when did the gold rush start in alaska
What is heading for UK Christmas number-one?
who is sarah louise 's dad in coronation street
What major factor has kept gumbe out of mainstream audiences?
who is Barack Obama's choice for CIA director?
what were the three demands made by the montgomery improvement association to the bus company
What notable public housing projects are present in the Southside?
who was eliminated on the voice december 12 2017
who wrote and directed this is the end
what is the use of vmware view client
When did Rubio's parents leave Cuba?
Where did the Turkish plane crash?
Who was attacked?
When do they think this will happen?
Who will announce the Player of the Year?
What does Archie Andrews chose between?
who sang the song wishing on a star
What is a word that can be used to describe the scope of a comprehensive school's intake?
Who was the mother of Romulus and Remus?
When did Prince carry out her suicide?
Beyonce was coached for her Spanish songs by which American?
when is the last time cowboys won a superbowl
who is removed from duties in miami acrhdiocese?
In what language is the Qur'an written?
What are the number of suggestions for cool accessories?
Who was the Prime Minister of South Africa in 1947?
Ethnic affiliation of who has become an ideological conflict?
Who offers post-secondary education in Cork?
At what percent is the black jobless rate?
who has been named as the white lightning in the cricket
What year was the Opium war?
who played alfalfa in the original little rascals
when did the movie pete 's dragon come out
when did we start using the christian calendar
who is we in the poem we real cool
What was red ochre composed of?
What is the literacy rate in Israel?
What university were some of Tucson's famous writers associated with?
What did Ibn al-Nafis use to explain the events in Theologus Autodidactus?
When did he learn he had diabetes?
What kind of guarantees were given to Guinea officials ?
Who is keen to make a comeback?
where is the alveoli located in the human body
where did they film the movie chernobyl diaries
When were the staple foods in the Roman republic typically eaten at?
who wrote the music for kiss me kate
when did shawn mendes go on tour with austin mahone
how many countries are still in the british commonwealth
antidiuretic hormone is synthesized by cells in the
Who finalized partnership with Indian  tycoon?
What famous cricketer's ex-wife was one of the protesters?
who sang what 's love got to do with it
when did arches national park become a national park
What year did most media outlets pick the Cubs to win the World Series?
who sings the song i like pina coladas
what is the relaxed state of the ventricle called
what did the tour include
who played jack in the nightmare before christmas
What is Mumbai embracing?
How many people were killed in Mogadishu after shelling?
how many seasons are there in queer as folk
why did the boat leave in 47 meters down
Who rediscovered the laws of inheritance?
What are Yale's colleges encircling?
How many politicians resigned?
When was Archives II opened?
How many total goals have the trio MSN  scored in the 2014-15 season?
did it recover
when did tonight show move to new york
when Al Sadd will face Jeonbuk Motors, after Koreans beat Saudi Arabia's Al Ittihad?
What accuse Anderson?
What was attributed to Paul VI and officially approved on May 9, 2014?
Where did the attacks occur last month?
Who says the evidence was wrongfully obtained?
who is the actress who played princess leia
What was the name of the authors?
What is the term that means all in the Bible is true?
What is the marines method of transportation?
What do successful vaults depend on other than speed of the run?
When people have long-term pain, what do they frequently display?
in western blotting the non-specific sites on the membrane can be blocked by
who has a grammy
what was the cause of the bhopal disaster
who is the bad guy in santa claus is coming to town
What incident started the war between China and Japan?
who plays the grinch in the new movie
are the novels set in a fantasy universe
What is the young age of children involved in this activity?
According to CNN, who is covered by the cease-fire?
What philosopher thought the stars received their light from the sun?
who sings the song can you woo woo woo
What has a new study found?
Whose rise to power motivated Popper to publish his work in hopes of obtaining an academic position abroad?
What is the ASEAN?
At which university is Pete Souza assistant professor?
The Greco-Bactrian kingdom was invaded by what Seleucid leader?
How high have the levels of PCBs in the sediments behind Woods Pond dam been measured at?
who played skeeter 's mother in the help
st segment elevation myocardial infarction signs and symptoms
What are his crimes?
what did Warren oppose
what did the scholar said?
What are Nigeria's 3 biggest ethnic groups?
Besides salt what other major natural resources does Mali produce?
What did Nathan's mother make and why?
Before John Champion, what was the only element used to produce zinc?
What area copied Bismarck's social programs the most?
who will wear costumes to race in portland?
when did phantom of the opera take place
most of the destruction in san francisco following the earthquake of 1906 happened due to
What was Obama's victory?
What was the resulting browser for the Mozilla Foundation?
What did she say?
what needs to accept by Europe?
kuch rang pyar ke aise bhi full story in english
Who was the most successful artist from this season?
What was the scene of the worst UN nuclear accident?
when did the ninja turtles movie come out
the history and culture of easter island is most closely tied to
Was competition suspended due to the first world war? 
when did womens hockey start in the olympics
who was the voice of chance in homeward bound
who plays lord voldemort in chamber of secrets
What was dubbed the "7 minutes of terror"
What triad are the inventory scales of hysteria, depression and hypochondriasis classified as?
What had a broken wing?
Which year Peugeot posted a loss of million?
what is the life span for a boston terrier
In 1169, Ireland was invaded by which people?
where did india made her debut in olympic football
when 's the last time tiger woods won a tournament
how many hockey games are in a season
Who is in Mad Men?
Who turned downRobert Hawkins when he tried to enlist?
who does the voice of madame gazelle in peppa pig
who got the mvp of super bowl 52
Who adopted eight kids?
where does the word pro bono come from
when is the movie the foreigner coming out
how many points is the queen of spades in rummy
where is the oldest copy of the holy quran preserved
Where was the craft stranded?
What is Houston's one Catholic university?
What are the robots being built for?
Whose rationalism did Peirce criticize?
what do prosecutors say
when did the most recent el niño occur
What did Lord Kilbracken think of The Sun's editorial?
who sings dream weaver in the leon 's commercial
What type of Gothic architecture is the Malbork Castle an example of?
who is the person that serves legal documents
What type of knowledge did Schopenhauer believe the ideal to be?
who ends up ruling after the war between the kauravas and pandavas
who is no longer the right representative
What is a tradition?
About how many years before European contact did ancient Mississippian culture build large cities?
What did the admirers of Nasser lack?
lg electronic traces its origin to which company
Which publication published a report about the Chinese rallying against media bias?
who played stacy in stacy 's mom video
what was the main goal of the gadsden purchase in 1853
where is it seen
Who is Jana Rawlinson?
who has know obama
Who killed government soldiers?
what breed of cat is the grumpy cat
Why did the Chinese PLA Navy need 4-5 years for Liaoning to reach full capacity?
What goes against Islamic teachings?
what is denny 's real name from grey 's anatomy
Where was Kerry injured?
What is a characteristic of iron sulfide?
there are approximately federal district court judges in the united states
Who experience a significant leap in their academic performance?
what effect did the great depression have on the unemployment rate
What plumbing component was once made out of elm?
Who planned Lafayette Park?
who died in roadside bomb
who sang how do you talk to an angel
what is the dinosaur in jurassic park that spits
What was the name of the 3rd wife?
Who is the Brazil squad coach ?
What size is the most durable from the point of designed insertion lifetime?
What Irish term means "drinkinghouse"?
What is the name of the client?
What is the number of crew members that died?
What other shows did Pat Hingle guest star in?
What were the two proto-political parties?
How many seats will it replace?
what happened to the gang of eight bill
How much debt is Italy in?
What name did the first official documents of Victoria's monarchy have her listed as?
Who returned to Moscow?
Who is KARK's new chief meteorologist?
What country did the vice visit?
What are the names of the Greco-Turkish dances?
In what light are Latinos seen in American culture?
What county did the city of Southampton become administratively independent of in April of 1997?
the real characters from the movie paid in full
What kind of wood was Bell's coffin made from?
What systems are really geared toward mobility?
What was a way to reach the economic goals of the Ottoman economic system?
Who is too centrist?
What has Dobson spoken out against?
Parish pump politics is also called what?
katy perry by the grace of god meaning
who is Martie Allen the longtime girlfriend of
What was the name of the single unit that didn't surrender?
What is the name of the English dialects that are written and spoken in Cork?
what are the exceptions to attorney client privilege
From what period do researchers believe that the oldest known full-body impression of a flying insect originates?
Which day will be declared "Veggie Days" in Ghent?
What type of title could be passed down?
From what was the Tibetan language's script derived?
What market value were gold coins traded in relation to?
who sang the original beauty and the beast song
What was the plate used for anti-aircraft proximity fuses in World War II made out of?
What is the new norm?
Where did the French build Fort Duquesne?
What was Ignac Fulop Semmelweis' profession?
who is fizz married to in coronation street
who has the most goals ever in soccer
Who broke the world record set by Jacobi's first motor?
What is the reason for the investigation?
At least how many different degree-granting programs exist at KU?
when was the last time novak djokovic won a grand slam
From what had the ecosystem had to recover?
who has the most all time wins in nascar
who recorded i ca n 't get no satisfaction first
What was suffering the Dalai Lama?
when does sailor moon crystal season 3 come out
Name of airline involved in crash?
who won the first nobel prize for chemistry
Where did the king appear>?
Who met Banafsha?
who is known as the queen of country music
What was hurled at police?
Companies such as Ford, IBM, Lucent, Samsung and SAP have built what in Nanjing?
Who wrote the story on Tulisa Contostavlos?
Pitch is a close proxy for what?
What is the smallest data capacity for an iPod product?
Who failed to show up?
What age was the referee?
who was the first chief justice of the supreme court
How tall is One America Plaza?
who played the grandmother on one day at a time
What month did they add real-time activity?
The royal court of Chowmahalla palace is an example what style of architecture?
when was the last time the lions made it to the playoffs
When the UK changes their clocks forward in the spring, what do they call the time they're then observing?
who proposed the civil rights act of 1964
When did Green make a deal to shore up the starting rotation?
What does every Kvarner town burn just before the end of the Carnival?
When was Jaws released?
who played william harris on law and order svu
Beyonce's first child is named what?
who sings a crazy little thing called love
What is the nickname of the city that the government is trying to push now?
Who is testing high end features?
Where is the Deeper Life church?
What title is given to Mary in the Catholic Church?
What is the state of the ulcer?
what caused her to loose her sight
How many newsstands?
who stood at second place in South American qualifying?
What is the name of the deepest bay at St Barts?
Where was the Mosque?
what was tookover by pirates?
What kind of condition is asthma?
who is the queen of the jungle animal
What  kills more than 40 civilians?
where does the name steely dan come from
what does the advocates say?
what is the meaning of lumen in biology
What is mentioned as being in "dangerous paralysis"?
What concept was de Candolle considering as he studied plants?
What was condemned?
The Greek national basketball in 2012 held what ranking in Europe?
when was the i love you virus created
What could hobble country's recovery?
Who are the co-hosts?
who wrote the song i saw her standing there
What do charges stem from?
What did the U.S. House pass?
from which language family did the russian language descend
What has happened to Rina?
Who says he's bidding as part of an investor group?
italian word for happy in music quick tempo
Who won this season of Idol?
What was the man's name?
what are the security people doing
Who is seeking the man?
when was the last time auburn beat georgia
Who is the Libyan leader?
when do we switch to central standard time
How many Irish people died during the Great Famine?
what is andy 's job in the devil wears prada
How many years was has Suu Kyi been under house arrest?
what will each location receive
where Her body was found in apartment in?
who is mayor of Juarez?
Who considered botox?
Who is Dylan Hartley?
who published harry potter and the cursed child
Who was "Jane Doe" identified as?
By which ministry is authority granted for funding and managing Portugal's research system?
When did Richard become king?
Who is more active than ever?
when did the bengals last make the playoffs
how many white stars are on the national flag of the usa
What are drydocks used for?
Whose judgement does she trust?
who is the lagos state commissioner of education
when did the construction of the cpr begin
who has the highest shooting percentage in nba history
What was the value of the spending bill
In what year was the British Museum built?
What contains more DNA than blood?
How much did Jackie Chan donate to support?
What did the US begin building in 1941?
Some shipping expeditions were mostly initiated by which provinces?
The United Nations Organization and UNICEF felt the relay could be used as what?
combined filipino and american forces during japanese invasion
What stung the swimmer?
when will Vick play
what does the station inform listeners?
what does aea stand for kappa kappa psi
What type of cancer was she diagnosed with?
What does the statement warn of?
when does all in the family come on tv
who sang here comes the sun at the concert for george
When was the suspect due to attend court?
what type of strike was going on just before the titanic set sail
Who led the Rebellion?
In 1872 the island contained how many Muslims?
the braxton sisters in order from oldest to youngest
What is the name of the movie
where do cardiac impulses originate in the heart
What did the group say?
In some cases, charcters are invented to represent what?
When does the FBI work with the US Coast Guard and US Customs and Board Protection?
when were horses introduced to the united states
When did his grandparents leave Cuba?
Where is the rally being held?
Where did Kanye perform his single "All Day" with a menagerie of other artists?
who is the longest serving cheif minister in india
Who shocked viewers with his sexually suggestive dance sequence?
When is the former strongman arriving in Panama?
What is the maximum number of substitutions during most professional games?
Where does RIBA's business group have its headquarters office?
when did republicans gain control of the house
From where most customers were buying prescription to watch the match?
who played the role of gemini ganeshan in mahanati
What was officials looking into?
Who plays Juli Inkster?
What country reports reprocessing of spent fuel rods in final phase?
What year did Einstein discover the theory of general relativity?
What is the meeting about?
Which chromosome is responsible for produlcing male differentiation on defect female development?
who scored the first goal in 2010 world cup
How would unrelated families be attributed to the clan?
What is not a natural taxonomy of the human species?
when is martyr s day observed at national level in india
What is the name of the Inn?
who denies any role in the Holocaust?
who is the chairman of central board of film certification
What is the common name for Selaginella?
What did the Sumerians map stars into?
How many civilians does U.S. say we're killed?
when did the rule of east india company end in the subcontinent
when did wallace and gromit first come out
who plays thanos in the guardians of the galaxy
What is another name for POJ?
What was one of the very first albums released?
when did cornwall council became a unitary authority
What are raced as part of the festivities? 
Which Clinton ran for president?
when did this year 's world cup start
when was the last time mexico made it to the quarterfinals in the world cup
Who died in Colorado ski accident?
Who was replaced by former Milan coach?
Who says golden parachute payments will end?
where do dogs get shots on their body
Who has a introspective quality?
What weather feature does Neptune have stronger than any other planet? 
when does the next part of the ranch come out
What is the second-most-common language in Melborne?
What success did the British have in Cuba?
who is the chief minster of utter pradesh
What 14th century conflict resulted in the division of southern Italy into two kingdoms?
Which New Labour policies did The Sun oppose?
who wrote the song there 's no business like show business
who wrote walk a mile in my shoes
In what year did the New York Times review the Salon d'Automne?
where Daniel and Clinton Rowling in Vietnam when the country wins ASEAN Cup?
What date was Saint FM radio launched?
How many times a year does the Federal Open Market Committee meet?
a break in the bone is also known as a
who sang carry on my wayward son in supernatural
What is human flourishing?
What does the map consist of?
Memorial will be held where?
What role specifically in digestion do bacteria in the gut have?
what city faces a crisis?
What happened to Feyman's younger brother?
where did the name noble gases come from
who sang when the lights went out in georgia
What planet is Neptune's near-twin? 
What type of water is good for making stout beer, like Guinness?
when is avengers infinity war trailer 2 releasing
where does the name red sox come from
What company is developed a malaria vaccine that uses the whole parasite?
How many seconds did it take Usain Bolt to complete the 150m race?
Dogs can have the same health issues as who?
who is the elected governor of puerto rico
who plays second base for the boston red sox
In what century does Layla and Majnun originate?
when was the first edition of the dsm published
What is the name of Estonia's Army?
What is the traditional way to mark the end of summer?
What are the new images of?
who established the six principles of chinese painting
What did four African Americans challenge?
When was the Gibson F-5 largely replicated?
What did officials say about terrorism?
Queen's Greatest Hits II has sold how many copies worldwide?
What sort of freedom did Howison believe was incompatible with materialism?
what types of taxes are there in the us
when was the first nuclear power plant built in germany
What movie is Tyler promoting?
Who was a notable chief of the Miami police?
who has the most tackles in a single game
who sang always something there to remind me original
What provoked the attack on Queen Victoria as she left Windsor? 
Who is the leader of Islam4UK?
How many volumes did her journal span?
What is Windows to Go?
who is the new deputy
what is the key to the program?
Yusufiyah is south of which capital city?
How many digits did Saint Helena change their phone numbers to?
In the 1100s, the port of Southampton included everything between Lymington and what area?
When did Darwin's concept of evolution become widely believed and central to the modern theory of evolution?
what type of government does myanmar have today
who plays ada on marvel agents of shield
where did the symbol for the heart come from
who identified the symptoms of the disorder we now call adhd
When did the 'War Horse' book come out?
What was Boyd and another man charged with?
Where was the crashed airplane coming from?
What does 'coelom' mean?
when did women 's soccer start in the united states
Where did Mexican soldiers fight?
What dialect is standard Russian based on?
who recommended democratic decentralisation which is popularly known as panchayat raj
What did the Milan coach admit?
What party was in power when Margaret Thatcher was made Secretary of State for Education?
What did locals crowd around?
Which ocean did the Apolo 8 mission land in?
who was the last british soldier killed in ww2
what article of the constitution outlines the process of amending the constitution
who is generally considered to be the father of western philosophy
The visible, ultraviolet and X-ray spectra are all above what spectrum?
when was vitamin c discovered and by whom
which countries called for reform of the IMF and World Bank?
record for most three pointers in a game
How long was Harry in Afghanistan for?
who wrote the song someone to remember me
What do Obama piercings look like?
where does the football team maribor come from
who got the first televised 147 in snooker
Name of professor who created Dolly the sheep?
What type of capacitor can cause signal distortion in the downstream tube?
What genre of artists has recently turned to house music to add mass appeal?
what kind of business is rodan and fields
Adolescent cultural differences are especially visible in which type of autonomy?
What did the House speaker say?
the ability of different strains of bacteria to acquire genes via conjugative elements is called
In which films did he have starring roles?
who is the richest oil country in the world
who has the best record in major league baseball
where in china was the terracotta army found
who played in last year 's stanley cup finals
Where was the man while assumed to be dead?
who picks the members of the electoral college
one effect of the commercial revolution on europe was to
Who had successfully passed a law whose sole purpose was to lessen the power of the tribunate?
How many colleges will the service be at this year
Who did Hariri meet with?
What profession does Andrew Holden smugly self-identify as?
when did the classical period of western music occur
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?
What was the evidence believed to be?
What is the age of the victim
when is fm radio being turned off uk
Who is in crisis after four losses?
How much was Abess bonus?
What did BA threatened to do ?
what is the function of national economic and development authority
What kind of climate does Tel Aviv have?
what is the fight or flight response in psychology
The Scorpions hailed from what country?
What is the age and weight of the competitor from Chicago?
where is mt kenya located on a map
who does the voice over for stewie in family guy
Whose scoring record is broken?
Who did Jugurtha have to bribe in order for them to accept him as the new leader of Numidia?
Who served as High Commissioner of North Africa after Darlan's death?
What case was the concept relevant?
when does the new football season start 2018
What did Lodygin change his name to after moving to the USA?
What platform was launched in Aug of 2015?
What is the death toll in southern Brazil?
in milgrams studies learners who made errors were punished with
what is coming back in US and Europe?
who plays jacob black 's father in twilight
where was the first summit of nam held
Where was al-Taifi arrested?
who wrote walk through this world with me
What type of boards undergo the etch-back process?
when was the first handheld mobile phone invented
the bill of rights originally had how many amendments
Who was a major movie star?
What does McMahon blame?
At what age did Kanye West relocate to China?
What is the name of the London merchant who co-led this founding group?
What thrived after the NES was discontinued?
Boycotters accused France of being pro-seccessionist and what?
What did Levinson say?
How are the trees changing?
who is the mc of america 's got talent
Where are the hot spots for drug use?
Why did New Haven fair better than other invaded cities?
What do police say?
What are "Transplant Tourists"?
What was the council that handled state politics named?
What month is the Festival held?
What is the name of the movement of rural blacks in the early 20th century called?
What did Presbyterian churches have in them?
who does jax cheat on tara with in season 3
Where is Symphony Hall located?
when do cells in the kidneys secrete renin quizlet
What did undercover officers rescue?
What is My Asho?
What is Chandler's profession?
Who tried to get F-5 engine parts for Iran?
Who is one advocate of copyleft?
What is the main belief of conflict theory?
What does WMD stand for?
What were the Uyghurs claiming to be?
What was inserted in the sarcophagus?
Who was the retired general who was killed?
What is the Governor accused of doing?
What is the name of Plymouth Council's urban redevelopment project?
Why have Eritrean government officials participated in numerous meetings with NGO representatives?
What was key factor did the Prussian General Staff study?
who plays grace mom on will and grace
Who appoints the prime minister of Swaziland?
who has been disqualified from the Australian GP?
What show did Kanye perform a spoof about the incident at the MTV Europe Awards?
From what is Honduras preparing to withdraw?
what is the other name of golden temple
What plummeting numbers of this species caused a decline in predator numbers?
In what year did CTV stop showing live broadcasts of American Idol? 
How many contestants were chosen from the 10,000 that auditioned?
What percentage of democrats support Hillary Clinton?
How far do penguins travel when they migrate?
Which has been the cause of death?
What dictates the splice sites to generate the final mature mRNA?
What did the quake cause?
Clinton says the U.S. values its relationship with who?
what do the numbers on a dartboard mean
What service is the FBI providing in this case?
Who was was jailed for 10 years in 2003 for trying to bomb an air base ?
who played fdr in the movie pearl harbor
when did the united arab emirates gain independence
The children of slain civil rights leader decided to split what equally?
what is the typical source of well water
who is the longest serving president of india
What political party is Jared Polis in?
when did america become world 's largest economy
who is the speaker of the current lok sabha
On what day of the week will travel remain unrestricted by New Delhi's alternate day driving scheme?
when does a roller coaster have the most kinetic energy
most points in a nfl game by one team
who plays tom riddle in chamber of secrets
How long was the upheval of the first Intermediate period?
Where can the missile reach?
how many countries are in the asia continent
What did no women express a preference for?
Which Melbourne based college has a research centre in Prato, Italy?
Who did Allmusic refer to as "one of the most successful pop and adult contemporary singers of the '80s and beyond"?
what is the latest red hat linux version
who sings the song i 've been waiting for a girl like you
When was Ben Hagkol crucified?
Coup leader made who leader?
On what date does the Catholic Church celebrate the Feast of the Assumption?
did the U.N. say anything
What did Oskar Morgenstern feel about von Neumann's beliefs?
what are the first 5 books of moses
Which company is Danjaq, LLC associated with?
What should children be encouraged to do?
How much land is within Valencia's limits?
What team does Joakim Noah play for?
How much was casino revenue in 2013?
Who failed to render help?
who sings the song bring me to life with evanescence
In 2012, The Times added what suffix to its masthead?
How big was Live Aid's TV audience?
Who receives the hishopric of Ostia?
What group says cholera is not slowing?
Which group is currently known as the "National Party"?
when did the civil right movement take place
who sings dream weaver in the new leons commercial
Pepsi paid Beyonce how much in 2012 for her endorsement?
What is the name of the autobiography?
How many regular season games were shown by CBS Sports Network in 2013?
What is the name of the act that caused the Union Territory of Delhi to become formally known as the National Capital Territory of Delhi?
Where did Jack Tueller grow up?
who has to roll a rock up a hill
what is the name of the script that the adi granth is written in
Among which group is a capella becoming more prominent?
Near what lake was the necklace found?
when was pretty fly for a white guy made
What kind of marriages are still norm in India?
when was the first mr potato head made
what is an example of an internal stimulus
who denied it?
who sings baby you bring me up when i 'm down
President Barack Obama declares Asia-Pacific trip what?
what award was taylor swift accepting?
when did the facebook messenger app come out
What belongs to Shell Petroleum Development Company?
How many bank branches were in the Bronx by 2007?
who sings you can buy me a boat
what 's the name of he man 's cat
Will Sen. Leahy vote to confirm Mukasey?
when did home video game systems first become very popular
when did they start building the london underground
when was the first flat screen tv sold
What is the Korean pronunciation of water?
They are said to have set fire to an agriculture research building at Michigan State
The military lent both direct and indirect support to what efforts?
Which party runs from class warefare?
when was charlie and the chocolate factory filmed
What did police say?
How many television production studios is BYU Broadcasting Technical Operations Center home to?
Where did the suicide bomber set off his bomb?
in what area of africa did the early bantu originate
How many jobs could be created?
when was the last year the us had no debt
who sits on a solitary rocky point above the Pacific?
What did Clinton tell Fareed Zakaria?
What caused the presidents death?
What did Tuvalu refuse to sell in 2015?
where this incident happened?
cast of the secret life of kathy mccormick
who is aire to the throne of england
when did do n 't fear the reaper come out
Who reported  firing from the African Union Mission?
Who was the middle son of Louis the Pious?
What role did Schwarzenegger miss out on because of his height?
How is Kanye viewed as a 21st century artist?
How many languages are offered as courses at BYU?
How many babies died?
C.F. Martin Guitars has been producing instruments since when?
In what year was the Domesday Book compiled?
Will she compete ?
who plays charles a series of unfortunate events
Who is the former lebanese president?
Approximately how many residents make up the population of downtown New Haven?
What did Nasser dismiss during the war?
what is the name of cinderella 's stepmother
What happened because of the derailment?
Comcast joined with what media company to acquire a movie studio in 2005?
Who came to defime machismo in America?
What was he really good with?
when is fifa world cup coming to usa
who does martin freeman play in the mcu
who won season 9 rupaul 's drag race
what crisis could be growing
what is a prophet seer and revelator lds
Who appears Monday?
Who paid the price for the reforms of the voting system?
What did Obama say?
what did he suffer?
Which composer wrote "Für Elise"?
who plays arthur in arthur and the invisibles
How many distinct ways is the term dialect used?
What do Holocaust survivors fear?
What is the act of surreptitiously listening to a private conversation?
How many Chicago residents were opposed to hosting the Olympics?
what is the use of alu in computer
which neighbouring countries were part of india until 15 august 1947
when does day light savings start and end
What food gathering behaviors are now seen as hobbies in modern Estonian culture?
What "Harry Potter" actor was slain?
What happened to the boy?
How often are elections held in the Marshall Islands?
who fired the first shot at the gunfight at the ok corral
How does Japanese wrestling differ? 
The flame of the torch was put out when David Douillet was ready to hand it to who?
who has scored the most tries in international rugby
What talk-show host?
In what year was Von Neumann's father elevated to nobility?
What was not passed in Brazil during slavery?
What sport pays tribute to the Munich air disaster?
In which year did Hanover host the Expo?
Who halted Chinese production?
explain damaging effects of burning of coal and petroleum
What disease did one of the attackers have?
Where is the Sweet Adelines HQ?
What language lacks gendered nouns and pronouns?
Where is the NFL Pro Bowl?
Who inspired this hiatus?
What type of conduct of a party to a treaty can invalidate the consent of another party?
who sang you wont find another fool like me
what movie is the song the shadow of your smile from
Where did broken water pipes cause damage?
What similar element do isomorphic groups carry?
Greece is the birthplace of what sporting event?
What acted as a physical obstacle to anti-aircraft defence?
In what city was the Catholic-Orthodox joint declaration read?
What increased pressure forced the Romans to abandon their line of defense concept at the end of the 4th century?
From what language did Catalan come?
Which song was Madonna's first global hit?
On which island is Mount Shishaldin located?
What is the biggest event in Denmark?
who sings the song heaven let your light shine down
when can hcg be detected by pregnancy tests
What is higher pathogen load associated with?
when did my little pony friendship is magic start
What does using natural illumination instead of artificial lighting help with?
What was Juan Antonio Lavalleja's band caled? 
What is considered as an alternative to tofu for the valuable ingredient it holds for those not living near water in BUrma?
who is the smallest person in the worls
In what year did low scores of black firefighters on a promotion test issued by the New Haven Fire Department ultimately halt promotions for all firefighters of any race in the city?
When was Espanyol's margin win of 6-0?
What was the winner convicted for?
Who had overall command of the American forces in Europe?
netflix series of unfortunate events season 2 release
when did the song sorry miss jackson come out
Which Californian has developed a glam-rock persona?
What conditions effect the mixture of carbonate and sulfate in copper?
What three areas of the globe were protests reported as not big?
what paved the way
What happened in Europe in 1860s?
How many surnames does everyone in Spain have?
Cyprus and Cyrene were run by whom?
how many miles does an elephant walk per hour
who was the longest serving prime minister of australia
guns n roses who is in the band
Of what does the report clear Husseini?
What was placed in the vehicle?
What town is "isolated, accessible only by sea"?
Which league does the Cork County Cricket Club belong to?
what place did sevilla claim
Who beat Liverpool?
who plays hoppers brother in a bug 's life
What city beat manchester in the league group a
what happened to teh chopper
what was the end result of the battle of trenton
What do aid agencies kick into gear for?
where is the aqueous humor located in a cow eye
How much money does Tuvalu's tv domain name earn each year?
when was christianity became the official religion of rome
when will episode 14 of the originals air
At what gathering was the First Crusade preached?
What inspired the Czech's national pride?
who was the 50s rocker who used strings on his recordings and overdubbed voices and guitars
Who is accused of keeping Jackson "in the dark"?
how many episodes are in queen of the south
what comes dripping?
Who was the executive head of the Zionist Organization?
who won the mvp in the national championship game
Can patients taking Iressa expience skin rashes and/or mild diarrhea?
where does the book number the stars take place
who is the winner of rising stars season 2
where was the movie fried green tomatoes filmed
what is the diameter of earth in km
what does the ad show
What does confrontational scavenging involve doing to other predators after they've made a kill?
How many countries did Pope John Paul II visit?
What is the name of the top seed?
How much does a power wheelchair cost?
What vehicles did the boys ride on to get to safety?
where does the last name casey come from
What was rolled in paper and plastic?
How often are illegal pinning methods seen by the referee?
What are three problems of the immune system studied by clinical immunology?
When will toxicology reports be available?
where are they playing the super bowl this year
What is the Tibetan name for the area?
Albert Magnus was also known as "Albert the what"?
What happens as the scope of economically viable applications increases?
What is an antenna designed to have?
which type of amylase will cleave both α-1 4 and α-1 6 glycosidic bonds
friends episode where rachel sees the prom video
where do the astros play their home games
What could Obama learn from?
Which provinces field teams in the Quebec Junior Football League?
How many "land banks" and building societies collapsed during the 1890s depression in Melbourne?
when did the new season of wentworth start
How much does it cost to use Metromover?
Along with Limburgish, what other Dutch dialect is spoken down into a lot of the southern Netherlands?
For what reason were asteroids not thought to contain water?
What do preliminary tests show?
What was the body bound with?
What do volunteers become?
What was Marine arrested for?
What is the nano challenging?
what is the meaning of blue in econometrics
when is season 2 of this is us over
When will the last episode air?
What does UCOL stand for?
Did Moses Mendelssohn advise to follow a specific organized religion, or to whatever one found most convincing?
who was met off-base by U.S. officials?
How many people were killed?
Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, the United Kingdom, and the United States are part of what international forum?
when did the song wasnt me come out
who is bigg boss winner in season 5 in kannada
how many episodes of dance moms are there
What is the name of the antimatter counterpart of electrons?
Why did the use of "African" become an issue?
Who searched for them?
who plays the voice of doc hudson in cars
who plays lady olenna in game of thrones
where do most monkeys live in the world
what is cdc saying
who sang the song come up and see me sometime
What happens to untreated copper that makes it difficult to solder?
How can a syllable be added or deleted in prose sung texts?
What age was Roy Disney
What was the purpose of Pausch's lecture?
In 1984, what was Margaret Thatcher's position within the British government?
What did he use?
What did the British fear could provide guidance to the German air force?
What percent of time is the sun generally over most of the   desert?
What has London Zoo been without since December?
Who got rich from the Valencian orange crop and vineyards?
What did the police say?
The comedy makes serious points about what?
What is the English translation of the word Jeltoqsan?
What is used to determine whether federal judicial power extends to formulating binding precedent?
Where did they train
What non-metal elements does uranium notably not react to?
trash so he could see the look on wife's face The four children ranged in age from 3 years to 4 months The sentencing phase of Luong's trial will begin Friday
To what areas of the Roman empire did the Romans take their deities?
what is the highest point in the state of alabama
What property of bitumen makes it difficult to move through pipelines?
Who designed Gaddafi's Azizia home?
What had Greece's previous government been hiding?
who wrote rick and morty season 3 episode 3
who is fire lord in legend of korra
where do you find rugae in the reproductive system
What amount are they paid?
Who has resigned?
What was the first use of 'police' in the UK?
Who organizes the Grand prix du disque de F. Chopin for notable Chopin recordings?
when does bones give birth the first time
who composed i vow to thee my country
Which airlines first agreed to install seat connections for iPods?
Which airport?
What was the main cause of the spread of Shtokavian?
What have voices tried to focus on
who plays belle 's dad in the new movie
who is part of  British armed forces?
Who designed the Palacio Salvo?
where was the house located in the movie baby boy
What Mike Massimino said on twitter?
what was carrie underwood 's second number one song
What is the Death toll doing?
where does the white river start in arkansas
What is Seattle's ranking for same sex households as compared with the rest of the US?
What was the first Fa cup radio broadcast? 
What do scientists suspect to be the cause?
Who were among the best dressed?
Who developed the New Orthophonic curve?
What does Triton's orbit suggest about it's relation to Neptune?
Who's daughter passed away?
how many womens live in the facility
where does back to square one come from
the brain region that controls most autonomic responses is the
What is Aafia Siddiqui suspected of?
WHAT WILL APPEAR ON BULLFIGHTER'S CAPES
Who did the NEC expel 
where is the mercedes benz stadium located in atlanta
thicknet is the colloquial name for which ethernet standard
HOw many people are infected with emphysema?
Where did people march in protest?
How are mathematical operations checked?
where does the pledge of allegiance come from
What did the coach say?
where did the portuguese first land in brazil
How many times has KU been one of the last four teams competing at the National Debate Championships?
On what day is the newspaper providing free classified ads?
What percentages of voters expressed unhappiness with the current political relationship between the U.S. and Puerto Rico?
What makes the Papalote children's museum so famous?
On what date was the Treaty of Versailles signed?
Who is responsible for stage hand duties, lighting, sound, and management?
Which contestant was surprisingly eliminated during the top four episode? 
when does starbucks pumpkin spice latte come out
What year was the Federsation of Aesthetic Group Gymnastics established?
Who contructed the airbase used on Norfolk Island during World War II?
when was mary shelley 's frankenstein first published
In what year was Union Street constructed?
When did Armenia leave the USSR?
What is an aspect of a visit to the Rotunda for the Charters of Freedom?
what is the main ingredient in table salt
when were the closing ceremonies for the olympics
When did the transplant procedure occur?
In the late 17th century the capital of Deccan Suba was moved, to where?
when was the most recent macbook pro released
Who were protesting?
What funded his lifestyle?
who was kicked out of panic at the disco
where does the formation of ribosomal subunits occur
who has the most gold gloves at catcher
Who voted against Cadbury offer?
when were ambulances first used in the us
Who is the man wounded?
In 1948 the worldwide acceptance of international laws that defined and forbade genocide was promulgated by which treaty?
What net electric charge are capacitors assumed to have?
What sound volume is produced by Coleoptera?
Who has announced the reward?
List the artists who were featured in the Salon d'Automne? 
What is the average amount of  yearly precipitation in Tuscon in inches?
What did the CBS executive say?
How long had Adam Tavss been on the street before the 2nd shooting?
Who ordered the King to dismiss the Prime Minister?
What country is Guilio Andreotti from?
who wrote put your hand in the hand
Six days after he was elected, what did Paul VI announce he would continue? 
What club has unveiled Cristiano Ronaldo as the new No. 9?
when was the last episode of pretty little liars aired
what is the latest series of graham norton
What would happen if some of the banks were to begin buying govenrment bonds?
the contract that exists between the insurer and the insured
What does her son say aided in his mother's survival?
Who built the first electric elevator?
What were the charges at International Criminal Tribunal?
who came in fourth in the 2018 kentucky derby
what type of poem is love among the ruins
When was the last eruption?
when was the first woman admitted to harvard
what does pires believe
Where was the Calouste Gulbenkian Foundation established?
Who dies Susan Sarandon play in "The Lovely Bones"?
What did the update extend?
What did India supply to the Persian war efforts against Greece?
who plays the lead role in citizen khan
Who wants to leave the world a better place?
What are the fringes Orthodox men wear called?
dna profiling is now made possible because of the work of
What is the labor dispute over?
when did 8 track tapes stop being produced
what team does ronaldo play for in the world cup
Who fought epic bouts with Micky Ward?
What else would the post-punk bands record under?
which magazine carried this interview?
who wrote in the morning of my life
What areas does Brasilia's public transit avoid?
In how many nations are Muslims in the majority of people?
who has held the office of chief minister the longest in india
where was the movie two mules for sister sara filmed
who is the little boy in kramer vs kramer
Which player won FIFA World Player of the Year?
where did sam go to become a maester
When did Monzer al Kassar's arrest occur?
who plays the pink flamingo in gnomeo and juliet
who owns the trump tower in new york
What year was Queen's One Vision released?
Are 122nd Street's three segments contiguous or noncontiguous?
what was the purpose of the hetch hetchy reservoir
What Seattle theater was built in 1926?
where do the ny yankees play spring training
Who does it make people willing to help?
What is not immediately available?
What chemistry do hydrides serve as bridging ligands?
where is the headquarter of the small industries development bank of india
China has how much wind power installed?
McMahon was featured on what show with Carson?
When did China formally ask for help from the international community?
when did Merz return to Ghana?
Where could Mohammad be?
how many Chinese Muslims were relocated to Bermuda?
largest moon in the solar system compared to earth
What position does Schwarzenegger hold with the Institute?
What is the film about?
Which university is the helpful student from?
Who stars in the film?
The dinner was in honor of what?
What is the top foreign policy problem Obama should address?
what type of protein is affected in cells of individuals with tay-sachs
What was the tipping point for this change?
What judicial branches are located in Richmond?
during winter which part of india receives rainfall
When did observations at the Greenwich Observatory cease?
Buddha was part of what subcontinent?
What stadium has been home to The Saints since 2001?
On which day was the Founder Members Agreement signed?
who took the pictures
What effect has the housing boom had on house prices and rents?
who was girl on blind faith album cover
Obama made a stop where on Saturday?
where is game of thrones season 6 filmed
Other than sugar and fiber, what else are carbohydrates consisted of?
who does wickham marry in pride and prejudice
who developed an apparatus to breathe compressed air underwater
What were the original charges levied against Purvis?
When was Ellington Field built?
What sets animals apart from bacteria  and most protists?
At what age did Harper Lee's mother die?
What was the title of Jean-Baptiste Wicar's artwork inspired by the Aeneid?
What was the prize money amount?
when did the ball drop in new york start
who were the three european kings who participated in the third crusade
When was Kösem murdered?
when is hydrogen shown in a skeletal structure
What symptoms do you have with IBS?
Who is Hamas fighting now?
Where did he place the money?
In what year did Eisenhower graduate from high school?
when was the international red cross established and why
Where is the boat based out of?
How many planes were skipped for mandatory inspections?
What did Hefner say about the puppy?
what was the first hit for the rolling stones
Did he flee Thailand?
Who scored for Bayern
Where are the 20 facilities located?
What did Frederick Zugibe study in detail for this book?
Who qualifies in pole position for the Malaysian Moto GP?
When was the Air Force Global Strike Command formed?
When was prime minister first mentioned in a government document in the UK?
who sings the songs on dancing with the stars
What does one Kingston resident say?
How many kids were supposedly kidnapped?
What social systems can greatly influence someone realization of their sexual preference?
When did Bronck reach the New York area?
Where is San Siro?
What is the girl's name?
what was the copperheads position on fighting the war
What was the storm's average wind speed?
What date did the blast happen?
who founded the first fire fighting team in america
where is the leaning tower of pisa what country
What is the term for ice that protrude's from a glacier's surface?
Who received reports of at least 10 fights?
who criticies the plan
What hit the ground?
Where had the money given to drug traffickers come from?
What type of language are organizations being directed towards?
What line does Nanjing serve as a railway junction for?
who called the astronaut
where is adipose tissue found in the skin
when did they start building the sydney opera house
Who were India playing?
who is the top goal scorer for brazil
What was Pinki Sonkar born with?
What age was Paterno when he died?
who sings if you like piña colada 's
What number  of people  died  in crash
who wrote the song son of a preacher man
who won on so you can dance 2018
When was House Unity Day in Chicago?
What form of metal was developed and  exported from southern India?
Who is Perseus's father?
who owns mandalay bay hotel in las vegas nevada
Where is Sean Forbes from?
What did Prince William help spot?
How many Anglo-Dutch Wars were there in the 17th century?
what race have had a longstanding racial privilege in the U.S. according to Al Vivian?
 To what did Boixos Nois idetify themselves as belonging?
What percentage of the population fell below the poverty line in San Diego in 2005?
whois the prince
who do you play as in assassin 's creed 3
Who killed Krishna Rajarman and his family
What was the name of the Confederacys most famous army?
How many countries did Nybo visit?
In what year was the final trolley route in New Haven converted to a bus line? 
What did the Commander say?
who plays oliver on the big bang theory
Downtown New Haven contributes approximately how many jobs to the city?
What is China ready for?
when was gst bill passed in lok sabha
what was found in the home
Where is MI6 based?
What team is at the top of the English Premier League?
Who is engaged to Mike Fisher?
What is Plymouth Synagogue's listed grade?
What type of monarchy was established as time went on in Victorias rule?
Of what class was more than half of Rome's population?
What rose when buildings fell, according to the president?
In what year did Jaun de Bermudez first reach Bermuda?
What was the tanker carrying?
Who was stopped from boarding a plane at Manila airport?
What can be used to link audio and written notes?
where does the navy do their basic training
Is Samoa helped or hurt by political upheaval in the countries around them?
where does the time zone change in oregon
What did President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf have installed in her presidential office?
where were the Nine containers of PETN  went to?
What is the name of the championship game for junior Canadian football teams?
What did Alexis Hutchinson refuse to do because she lacked childcare?
What sentencing factors did Bigby v. Dretke consider?
who sang vocals on great gig in the sky
What is one Greek word that has the same root as the word idea?
Retirees from what two professions often sought licenses for pubs?
during which years did the reconstruction of the south take place
The single Ray of Light debut at which number of the Billboard Hot 100?
What is the first round of the coffee ceremony called?
what are they seeking
when did china receive most favored nation status
where had polanski remained an insider
Whose body was found in a landfill?
when did pan am go out of business
Why were the Fennica and Nordica chartered?
From what language did the regional Romance languages of Italy derive?
what will it capture
What does North Korea have?
Wat is "Big Whiskey and the GrooGrux King""?
How many officers are in the Prefecture of Police of Paris?
what does the law of definite proportions state
Who met with the pope?
What year did the Dutch abandon the island?
which eon was the first in earth 's history
Why may regulations ban the use of lead in ammunition?
Which former president of Def Jam called Beyonce the greatest entertainer alive?
Who should you call if you know something?
What did protests spark?
when did fast and furious 1 come out
what was the first american city to host the olympic games
where is the north cascades national park located
What have been contaminated with melamine?
What will the range of the Indian-made ship be, carrying 160 officers, 1400 sailers, and 30 aircraft?
who sings the theme song to liv and maddie
What is the role of Imams?
What would a hobbiest need to transfer historic recordings to digital formats?
who wrote the poem saare jahan se achha
who pays the bride price in india marriage
Who founded the Achaemenid Empire when the city states in Iran came together in unification?
Which publication called the PlayStation 3 "a brilliant games console"?
When was the plane's de-icing system turned on?
which events marked the defeat of france in north america
How many were killed by the Communards?
Where is the home of the International Institute for Nanotechnology?
where are the lone-pair electrons on the central atom located
Is the weapon active?
How does a CCA impact unlisted species?
what information is protected under the privacy act
What is the Armenian term for settlment?
what event inspired the name of rocky road ice cream
Where is the theology library at Notre Dame?
who presided over the first conference of the india national congress
what team is kimi raikkonen a member of?
For what reason did Schwarzenegger's plane land?
What dynasty was Ashot I part of?
What declined in 2010?
What did Katy Brown advocate?
what is the need of biasing in bjt
what is the pigmented layer of the eyes iris
What did the annual survey say?
Which film had a larger production staff, Spectre or Skyfall?
Who now reports to the President?
How similar were live and recorded versions?
How many nanofarads did the earliest unit of capacitance equate to? 
If you're building a circuit board that has a lot of components that won't be used, which construction would be better?
who is selling them
how many tsunamis were triggered?
Who in Jennifer Hudson's family recently died?
where is nanny mcphee and the big bang filmed
when did the handmaid 's tale season 2 start
Who says she has responsibility to help her country?
What is the name of Blake Jones' business?
which asian country has four written languages but only one spoken language
who killed the children and adults?
The main executive official of the Provincial States was called what?
His writings about the Rogers Commission showed that trouble was brewing between scientists and executives at which prolific institute?
Who lives in Mumbai?
when do the weeping angels first appear in doctor who
What professional is Ian Penman known from?
What area is affected
How many groups are FETs split into?
What is the name of earliest man made place of worship?
By the end of 1927 how many papers had Von Neuman written?
The structure of Bern's city centre is mainly what type of buildings?
What is a PoP?
Where do tours take the fans to?
Who says that Golden parachute payments will end?
Instead of being allowed to set numerical targets, what did the Court rule that universities are allowed to do?
who won camp rock 2 the final jam
What spill has opened federal waters that were formely closed?
How much did Kerry lose by?
When are they hoping to reduce the population by?
What type of miracle was attributed to Pope Paul VI?
Who died after Boston hotel attack?
what is the film in man in the high castle
What made her stay in vegetative state?
who hijacked the plane
What is the name of the solar powered car race held every two years?
chronology of a song of ice and fire books
when were pass laws abolished in south africa
when did the song american pie come out
when was i being born a woman and distressed written
when was fortnite battle royale season 2 released
How long after a published notice of the listing may a public hearing regarding the listing be requested?
When was Khamenei's sermon?
Of all of Estonian's language reformers who is the most well known?
who is the original host of the price is right
who recorded three songs?
What is an example of a name for a beer house?
What age was Margaret ?
What can you use to get rid of pet hair on furniture?
What did the update of operation dalog boxes help with?
Who did The Sun say was not fit to be Prime Minister in 1983?
At West Point, what game did Eisenhower play six nights a week for five months?
which general served during the mexican war and the civil war
With whom did the lebanese prime minister meet?
What kind of exam is Bush having?
what is the purpose of good samaritan laws
where was the bomb placed
Exposure to what natural element was necessary for early photographic plates?
Who was Thomas Muntzer?
What are the variations in the text of witnesses known as?
who got relegated last season from the premier league
is the honda pilot a v6 or v8
why do we need the port of melbourne
what was the first bring it on movie
where does weber talk about the iron cage
what 's the little girl 's name from wreck it ralph
What type of translation is favored by those wanting more accurate translations?
where is titan located in the solar system
who played eva peron in the movie evita
What future awaited the first grandson of Queen Victoria?
who plays the first nfl game this year
What group of anthropologists overwhelmingly support the idea of human races?
who sings in the dark of the night from anastasia
For what reason  was the need to keep lists explained
Along with provinces what type of states did the Ottoman empire have control over?
Due to delays, when was the actual date of the BBC's move to satellite broadcasts?
where is the atlantic ocean located in the united states
Who claimed that Maurus was derived from the Greek mauron?
where was the bomb
when will there be a new episode of the handmaids tale
What is it a repeat of?
What did the governor say?
What eye color shows the least presence among those of Greek heritage ?
What language does he sing?
who led the revolt of 1857 in delhi
what is the airport code for negril jamaica
Whose custody is the suspect in?
Where did Lee attend college?
When do they date back to?
What speed did Bertha's winds increase to?
What pharaoh was captured by the group led by Camyses II?
Which airline was the plane from?
What is Gypsy Lawson's age?
what is the american league record for most consecutive wins
Who called the crusades against the Hussites?
What traditions does the US Air Force have? 
For countries that use the dollar as their paper currency, what other currency do they make?
the central meeting place for government officials in ancient greece was
What disease does Shanteau have?
What did he describe?
What did the shootings change?
who sang the song my heart will go on
what is the boat trying to do
Who has been tapped for secretary of state?
When was Facebook support turned off?
where is dense regular collagenous connective tissue found
What company claims to produce the "world's most potent honey"?
What was taboo for many years?
What procedure was being performed while he gave his reasoning ?
when was the rialto bridge in venice built
Precipitation and temperature in the mountainous region depend on what?
In what town was Michael Foot born?
The Pliocene saw the end of what fauna in South America?
Who does the President blame the death on?
How much energy in exajoules does photosynthesis capture each year?
What can a portable device recognize?
What are some of the negatives of the investments 
What did the Chinese group yell?
Who will have a routine colonoscopy?
who is the football coach at georgia southern
who ran the first sub 4 minute mile
who wins the 2017 australian open women 's single title
who played ted nugent in that 70s show
who won the women 's french open in 2018
What is the name of the city-state that contains Bremen and Bremerhaven?
what kind of bombs were used in boston
Where did the executive producer say some of the themes derive from?
When did ducks begin to appear in the books of Western Europeon Society ?
when did the serial debute
What is the extended name of The Origin of Species that is written on the title page?
what amount of people were injured in the crash
who are entitled to maintenance under the hindu adoption and maintenance act 1956
How many teams in the first round? 
What became cheap enough for the middle class to buy?
What did officials find no evidence of
what are the names of the tweenies characters
what caused the deaths
which group of english immigrants first settled in plymouth in 1620
who played the role of ned donnelly in the early episodes of the family ties
Why did Northwestern replace it's original official colors of black and gold?
How many Muslims fled the Balkans with the Ottoman armies?
Where is he second lieutenant in?
Who couldn't regain control?
What day will be declared Veggie Days in Ghent?
How much of the population must have been in favor of the revision?
does krillin come back to life in dragon ball
when did drug testing start in the olympics
Who do these laws prohibit from banning the installation of antennas?
What do bison still remain?
What did LaHood say?
What do the parents do?
Who was handed the race advantage?
where was india 's indigenously built anti tank missile nag test fired in july 2015
Where is Kaka from?
Where did bombs explode in Baghdad?
who played the title role in willy wonka and the chocolate factory
What percent of U.N.'s food aid is sent by ship?
who plays elena gilbert in season 8 episode 16
How many people created a chain of solidarity that went Estonia and other countries?
voice actor for gaston in beauty and the beast
A microsequencer can be found in what other computer component?
who has the most single season home runs
Is adolescence usually accompanied by increased parental supervision or increased independence?
What poet did Chopin use verses from for songs?
Who did Barack Obama try to tie John McCain to?
when is Chatham County Courthouse in North Carolina burned
When did Bartolomeu Dias explore Namibia? 
who plays blair in christmas with the kranks
Which dramatic form was created around 1400?
In what year did CBS and Sony come together?
how long is the legend of korra game
where is st paul 's cathedral london located
cape town is the capital of what country
Who assigns combat missions to the Air Force? 
who sings pink floyd wish you were here
Who were they targeted by?
What was the period of time in which Johannes Aavik was alive?
How many Allied prisoners did Japan take after the Battle of Singapore?
who win the dil hai hindustani 2 final
What was used to protect the "area"?
What is Fireproof about?
What type of aircraft was the USS Independence?
what book comes first in lord of the rings
who played mrs wolowitz on the big bang theory
who was allowed to vote in ancient athens
What was the number of French prisoners?
What is Tucson's city population in 2010?
On what date did French forces make their first significant attempt to cross the Danube?
What will the anti woman moves destroy?
who becomes president if the president vice president and speaker of the house die
who won last season of the voice coach
when did the fifth generation of computers start
when was old st peter 's basilica built
who sings the song do n 't worry be happy
What is another term for vegetables that was used?
Edgar Allen Poe added value to literature in what area?
What act  of provincials brought new gods into the military?
who got the first bharat ratna in india
What were the Leyte beachheads of the U.S. Sixth Army secured from?
Is a tsunami warning in place?
With what iOS release did Apple standardize media apps on all their products?
Who was fired?
who scored a hat trick for england 1966
what is likely to originate in Pakistan tribal areas?
Where did the race take place?
where did the name nanaimo bar come from
what number is gareth bale for real madrid
What date did the aircraft land at the new airport?
Which unit of Caesars Entertainment filed for bankruptcy in 2015?
What is the lowest error rate that occurs in eukaryotic cells?
Who wrote the Communist Manifesto?
how many of the biosphere reserves from india are recognised by the unesco
what rank is tenzin
What approached the Gulf Coast?
What gave them victory?
where does honey i 'm home come from
who sings faith at the end of sing
was he arrested
On which two major issues did McCain and Schwarzenegger publicly agree?
who is credited for creating a distinction between common and special cases of variation
What is the current national rank of Brown School of Social Work?
What do they hope the boat will do?
Where was Bellini traveling?
who sang so you had a bad day
how many times has nigeria won the fifa u17 world cup
who launched the movement of grow more trees in july 1950
Israeli universities rank where in mathematics?
What is the name of the new release from the band?
What information is collected by Centers for Medicine & Medicaid Services?
What is the organization's name?
where did truth or consequences nm get its name
What is Cox's advice?
The anthology of the Greek world is intimately joined with what areas of the world ?
The Tethys sea developed during what period of time? 
where was the knife of never letting go published
who wrote how sweet it is to be loved by you
how many states are in the wida consortium
What was Whitehead's wish upon his death for his family?
What well known presidential candidates also studied at Yale?
When did Iraq gain independence from Britain?
who did the steelers play in the playoffs last year
who is on the queen is dead cover
which u.s. supreme court case required states to use the exclusionary rule
Who is credited with the Vaisesika darsana?
What started peacefully?
What Andrew Rawnsley`s book claimed in Brown`s case?
where did crossing your fingers for good luck come from
when did the great gatsby movie come out
what channel is season 6 of nashville on
when was the first time eagles won superbowl
What year was an atomic bomb detonated near the island?
What determined the ECB's initial capital?
What years did the Roman-Syrian war take place?
when was saul paul first mentioned in the bible
When did Endeacour lift off?
What did Sandra Boss say he was?
when did guardians of the galaxy start shooting
who has won the most french open titles
Who was the person who was shot?
When was the 14th Amendment to the US Constitution created?
In what year did the Battle of Philippi end?
Why did India and Sweden never determine how much the US would compensate China?
Who died in Iraq accident?
a deficiency of thiamin causes a disorder called
What word does Bellah ask how a President is justified to use?
when does a tenant become a sitting tenant
When did both sides agree to meet?
when is the last time the falcons went to the super bowl
How did Virgil earn his nickname "Parthenias" or "maiden"?
Elevator drive mechanisms have, in the past been, powered by what?
What did Bell do late at night?
name the two large canadian lakes found in the northwest territories
Where did Suga Mama band make their first appearance?
when is the new holloween movie coming out
what was u2 's lead single from ' the joshua tree '
who led the nfl in passing yards this year
What does the court need more time to rule on?
where is the most gold found in the world
who sings do you think im a nasty girl
What did Kerry throw over a fence?
In which direction does the groove in a normal disc run?
How many people can Nanjing Olympic Sports Center's gymnasium hold?
In what year did battle over the Suez Canal commence?
What could be used to prevent a door from closing in a place of burial?
What are at risk of extinction?
when was the first step pyramid built in egypt
Which rich neighborhood has a strong problem of impoverished lands around it?
Who was killed by the Taliban?
how many geographical regions are there in canada
the habitable zone is the region around a star where
What craft is undergoing re-entry?
How many years has The Times stayed with Times New Roman?
HOw many are in custody
when did the french government take over the church
where did the name jane doe and john doe come from
What did the network say?
What is contagious according to psychologist?
5000 men represented what fraction of General Lee's army?
What is the minimum amount of time that elapses before most snapshots are released for viewing?
who does he play for?
Who are the victims?
what type of hormone is thyrotropin releasing hormone
What did Elizabeth do after Heath adviser her?
What was the audience comprised of?
who was the abolitionist captured at harper 's ferry virginia
when does the umbrella academy come out on netflix
where will the champion league final be played
who was the first announcer on the price is right
who does the uk bribery act 2010 apply to
What is capitalization commonly use to indicate in poetry independent of any grammatical feature?
What percentage of France's Jewish population survived the holocaust?
voice of the mom on bob 's burgers
Which region is Oklahoma City a part of?
when was uncle toms cabin published in book form
What was commerce raiding refered to as?
when was the last time lions won a playoff game
How much money is being asked for to build ten trial cars?
How many senators recently proposed new plan?
who does the voice of donna on the cleveland show
What type of reptiles eat dogs?
Which two groups help improve life in the shelters?
What was the court seeking, in using Jefferson's letter?
what is the 20th state of the united states
What foot did Tao fracture?
How many Czechs spoke both Moravian and standard Czech as first languages in 2011?
Who was among the six who raised the flag in Iwo Jima?
What did Carlsen say?
What was Strasbourg known as in the local language in the ninth century?
how many times has venus won against serena
How often does the Sahara go without rainfall?
When did the reactor go offline?
In every season but 2001-02 and 2011-12, at least how many Premier League teams have been relegated?
What do Amphibians aid in?
who has won the most total money on jeopardy
What nationality are Potito Starace and Daniele Bracciali?
who sang the original don t leave me this way
What  gave poor Romanians a view of a better life?
What is suggestion for 2 millions people there?
Who hosted the talks?
What is youtube red?
How are the terms Hispanic and Latino not specific?
What is the name of President Bush's plane?
voice of beast in new beauty and the beast
Where was Sand's home?
What was the objective of the MIM-104 Patriot Missile batteries during the first Gulf War?
How many component of education did Ibn Sina describe in their teachings?
Who bought the Fort Lowell sanitarium in 1928?
What year did importation of Chinese Laborers peak?
What is the population density per square mile?
Where did Truman's historic speech take place?
Which defender was out?
who has won the most major golf titles
which broadway musical tells the story of the group the four seasons
who  will reportedly attend a Bosnian international school?
Where did the auto magnate set up a plantation?
who is the notre dame cathedral dedicated to
Where do the federal courts fall?
Who inspired Karen Richardson
when was the tank first used in ww1
who did tom brady 's voice on family guy
What type of pump appeared in the 15th century?
the degree to which a test actually measures what it supposed to measure
What has God provided to Jehovah's Witnesses?
when women 's right to vote in uk
what kind of dogs are the paw patrol characters
What monument commemorates the departure of the Pilgrim Fathers?
what may pass by the end of the year?
When was Ravenna conquered by the Eastern Roman Empire?
when did the maple leafs last win the cup
what did amanda do to the horse in thoroughbreds
Where did Pope Benedict XVI arrive?
Where is the theater District located?
when did season 4 of the originals air
When was his birthday recorded as being?
Half the population of Jews live in what borough of New York City?
how many episodes are there on the originals season 5
By 2006 the GDP had dropped to what?
how many flags are around the base of the washington monument
which two cultures influenced the development of early japan
What did Peterson say to the media about handcuffs and chains?
what is the current version of symantec endpoint protection
What were protests over?
What is in Summerhaven?
What do scientists tend to agree on?
When did the hostilities increase?
when was the earliest use we know about for concrete
How many were on board?
Which palace in Hyderabad did the work of Andrea Palladio influence?
What did the man maintain?
who posted a loss of $456 million in 2008?
When were the siblings separated?
What did  MTN CEO Phuthuma Nhleko say about the deal ?
What "ices" makes up Neptune? 
What made the officer shoot?
how many inhabited islands are there in scotland
What writer's entry in "The English Journal" was concerned with young adult fiction?
How much English did Tito speak?
Which American actress was questioned at the Hong Kong airport?
what was the black death and how did it impact europe
Who described the Lombardi mandolin as wider and shorter than the Neoapolitan mandolin?
who did niall horan write this town about
In what year did Kanye West's mother pass away?
How many free texts will be sent?
which came first tcp / ip or osi
where is the big brother house located in usa
who wrote our house by crosby stills and nash
How many states in the US do not have sales tax?
In what area of Italy is the largest collection of mosaics in the world?
What does Dinart eat a day
who plays emma on once upon a time
who scored 401 runs in a test match
where is the pollen tube on a flower
where does the phrase whole ball of wax come from
who was the actor that played mark on roseanne
how much will IFCO Systems pay?
who was the first finance minister of india before indopak division
What kind of mappings must be provided between characters in existing legacy character sets and those in Unicode?
What is price stability defined as?
How many liters of beer are bought and sold every year?
Who was last seen on Saturday evening?
what is the maximum length of cat 6 cable
who has the best batting average in odi
Where do birds from high northern latitutes migrate to?
What did the experience of German's using incendiaries mean?
When will the embassy shut down?
Who expects Ferrari to win races in the second half of the 2011 season?
The potential for corruption in public spending are one of the arguments that favor what?
the line that divides north and south korea
who has the most followers on instagram today
term for number of chromosomes for body except gametes 46 chromosomes
As of right now, who uses the licensed military service?
What state was WIlliam Jefferson from?
How much money would the new company generate?
What would DST delay if observed during the Muslim holy month?
what is it called when day and night are equal length
Who was Wilhelm I?
Who takes risks in contacting him?
What is the head of government's office called in the UK?
What number of people charged?
who played the cigarette smoking man on the x-files
What has risen in the US for last 15 years?
What is the name of the football club affiliated with Arsenal?
where is the book noughts and crosses set
What did the protesters hope to see become a part of Georgia?
Who was killed in the raid?
What effect did the establishment of the kingdom of Macedonia have on Greece?
What systems did the Sumerians develop which remain the first known these types to this day?
What are you already paying your mobile operator?
the social safety net of transfer payments in the u.s. is intended to
Which party was associated with position papers and statistics?
what is the name of the miami hurricanes mascot
Did von Nemann think that the atomic bomb design was not workable?
What is difficult to do with a USB plug?
What is hyle?
What kind of protest is Craig organizing for December 10?
what is the airport for cabo san lucas mexico
when do new episodes of legion come out
what years did they make the honda element
What has a role in the dispersal of propagules of plants and plankton?
Who is former president of South Korea?
What are some things that humanitarian groups did to help this area?
When did Namibia gain independence from South Africa?
what is the award named after
How many men are in Low's squad?
who played curly in the new three stooges movie
By the 19th century what was common in the Alpine regions?
What year did Beyoncé first model for Tom Ford?
How many main types of dogs are there?
What patent holding company sued Apple in 2007?
What organization killed Gaddafi's grandsons?
What did Howard do?
when does season 4 of the ranch on netflix come out
where did canadian troops first see action in ww2
Where were the freed soviet captives sent?
What variables do locally compact groups share that can be studied by harmonic analysis?
Which actor received An Oscar for his role of Atticus Finch in the 1962 movie of the book?
how many leads are authorities following?
Who did an analyst call "one of the leading al Qaeda figures in East Africa"?
who designed the mother and child logo in 1967
what are the names of pluto 's moons
who plays the voice of bob in bob 's burgers
who is blamed for killings of police officers?
When did the violence erupt?
About how many courts have been filed against it?
What award did the Tucson Festival of Books give to R. L. Stine?
How did hunters obliterate the advantage bestowed upon the oryx by evolution?
what type of cancer did susan sarandon have in stepmom
Little River marks the boundary between Geelong and which other city?
What type of weather does Miami have in the summer?
What percentage of harvested trees are used in the manufacturing of paper?
When did comic books make an appearance?
Who wanted Noriega returned to Panama?
Sebastian Vettel said the fans in Japan are what?
By What time period was the Sahara dry like it is today?
what is the highest scoring average in nba history
Who is the accused?
where the headquarters of each of the six main organs of the un are located
Russian victories against which countries increased British fears?
who made major contributions to environmental protection in the early 1900s
who is the general manager of the toronto blue jays
What country has failed to ratify sections 87 and 92 of the ILO?
what is the english name of bulbul bird
what does a.b.c stand for in emergency resusitation
What might genetic clusters be shown to correspond to one day?
Which of Northwestern's alumni is notable for being the founder of the presidential prayer breakfast?
What was the aim of the voyage?
what was the first full-length animated feature film made in the united states
when was the media ban introduced
when does the dispicable me 3 come out
What method was introduced in December 2015 to reduce New Delhi's air pollution?
which team india has never beaten in t20 match
when was the term the american dream coined
where is the headquarter of tibetan government in exile
where is orange is the new black based
What new technology could be created as a result of studying cognitive science?
What are oxidizers?
who sings do n 't forget me when i 'm gone
What film did Jason direct?
How many dollars is Tiger Woods fine?
when did the nba change the first round of playoffs to 7 games
Why would ingesting untreated cassava be a bad idea?
who killed 2 people
Who was praised at the event?
How many Dominican nunneries were there by 1358?
What was HDTV not permitted to do in the 90's?
who won the contest to design the capitol building
who played chuck yeager 's wife in the right stuff
Who scored the goals?
The torch is put out at night, on aircraft, during storms and what else?
How far from South America was the OCean Nova stranded?
when did the first karate kid come out
How many adult Americans were questioned by telephone?
how many levels are there in science olympiad
What are the troops in the midst of?
actor who plays belle 's father in beauty and the beast
When did Digimon first appear?
who played jeremy on here comes the brides
how big is the island of oahu hawaii
How old was Ivan?
Who have been evacuated?
What is the official that oversees the operation of NARA?
who played the detective on the orient express
For what reason to companies locate in the Portuguese science parks?
In what year did Charles II ascend to the throne?
who plays gretchen 's sister in prison break
Where will the reverend host the candidates?
Which party is set for it's first majority
What god was Neptune? 
Who did Apple partner with to monitor its labor policies?
Keith Richards is the guitarist of what band?
What is determined by an object's movement through space?
What kind of letters were found?
Suga Mama is also a song on which Beyoncé album?
how many people gathered in Moldova's capital Chisinau?
who wrote the national anthem of the philippines
Where did Pakistan not crack down on militants?
where is channel zero no end house filmed
when do clark and lois start dating smallville
What company is he director of?
when was hallelujah by panic at the disco released
Where will Obama go?
What did many Presbyterian churches introduce as a result of modifying prescriptions? 
Blockbuster was banned from including what with their games?
To which taifa did most of Portugal fall into?
Who is touring ?
Many Jews have aspired to return to where?
when does elena become a vampire in vampire diaries
What is the condition of Susan Atkins?
How many contestants were finalists for season 12?
first english ship to circumnavigate the world in 1577
Who was sent home the week after the judges saved Matt Giraud?
What country did Napoleon invade to extend the Continental System?
movie at the beginning of time after time
The preamble of what states that treaties are a source of international law?
Who is trying to rid the world of Internet Explorer 6?
What dollar amount of chocolate does New York export annually?
who is the lady on the australian 5 dollar note
when did kb toys go out of business
How many steps are in the process?
what are the alignments in dungeons and dragons
What is the Carnival known as in the Creole language?
What is the amount of useful light emitted from a luminous flux measured in? 
when is pretty little liars season 7 coming out
who are imposing strict law?
Who has developed a flying wind turbine?
What did term limit?
who plays alex von strucker in agents of shield
where did they break out of?
Who planned to spend $31 million?
Who cut Briton's lead to four points?
When was the mosaic floor constructed?
Who is Ron Jeremy?
What is one scheme of Quantum Dot excitation?
Whatdid Iran say Friday?
How many weeks did Schwarzenegger spend getting ready for the 1980 Mr. Olympia contest?
Who was refused a visa to attend the event?
When did Dou Wu die?
who proposed the coupling and repulsion theory of linkage
Who noted Gaddafi's opposition to apartheid?
Many Interstate highways closed in which state ?
Whitehead observes that life is deficient in what?
redness swelling pain and heat are cardinal signs of
What was alleged at Memorial Hospital?
When did Sparks release her version of the song?
Who led the military on what is now celebrated Liberation Day?
What latin word was used to describe the cross used?
In what year was the value E associated by Einstein with quantum theories of energy?
who is kayne west
What did the youths admit to defacing?
Was the earthquake in American Samoa bad?
What did the protesters do over weekend?
How many emotional categories did Turner recognize as being founded on human neurology?
where does the water come from in the panama canal
what is meant by gateway in computer networks
Who was the director of the Philips audio division in 1974?
What have protesters embraced?
Where did the typhoon hit?
When did Bresnik spacewalk?
the venue and year of earth summit on conservation of biodiversity was
Who were the nunneries under the jurisdiction of?
who lives in the castle at st michael 's mount
What are organisms called that digest food in an internal chamber?
what is miley cyrus in?
Where could the Guantanamo detainees be relocated?
How many people were killed when the Pan Am flight exploded?
who is Theodore Forstmann?
What do athletes perform for tumbling?
who are the big 4 banks in australia
In what country did Dominic experience a great famine?
Who announced the seeds for the Euro 2012 playoffs?
What releases formaldehyde?
where is the great pyramid of egypt located
What language form differs in the amount of vowel reduction?
After Queen Victoria refuse to replace her ladies with wives of Tories, what did Sir Robert Peel do? 
Where did Norbury wear a saloon girl dress?
who scored the goals
What was Herter's career?
What's the abbreviation for the glass transition temperature of a laminate?
Where was Kanye arrested at for the second time?
What is the weather like in Cork?
who started so you think you can dance
What types of wisdom did Mackintosh say Burke had?
Who plead guilty?
where are great white sharks located in the world
What do the troupes consist of?
Where was the event held?
The idea that identity is made of components that are identified by individuals is what idea? 
who plays ducky 's assistant casey on ncis
How many patents did Bell co-author?
What is generally unable to support variations in the number of people for a particular destination?
what are the balls that grow on oak trees
where is the 2018 nfl draft being held
Who created Westminster Abbey as the Collegiate Church of St Peter Westminster?
when did the french come to the caribbean
What is it a founding member of?
Which journalists take a look?
when does the new season of paranormal witness start
what did the report say
when did the bears win the super bowl
Does research favor or reject the hypothesis that adolescents and adults think about risk similarly but hold different values and therefore come to different conclusions?
what did the military say
What did Rouse decide leeches were a subgroup of?
What is the name for the stretch of land on which Spain and Portugal are located?
when did soul sister by train come out
Who noticed that sleepiness increases and decreases in a 24 hour period?
In 1884, which country purchased the Marshall Islands?
when did fathers day become an official holiday
who qualified in pole position
The torch route covered six what?
who was the first person born in america of english origin
Why did Green make a deal to shore up the starting rotation?
Who is MEND holding captive?
who wrote the grass is always greener on the other side
Who became violent during the relay route and was promised deportation when caught?
What are Luxury hotels offering to attract new customers?
What can a swimsuit do ?
where are the cones found in the eye
when did the bear die
In what branch were the majority of woman removed?
Besides Jones Hall, what other organization is housed in the Theater District?
who advised him to take up acting?
When is the album release date?
What was the first motion picture about someone's life filmed in Myanmar ?
who plays claire on days of our lives
Who was the oldest man to become President prior to Eisenhower?
What did Federer call his shot against Djokovic?
Results of scientist's research could expand recognition of what?
powers not given to the federal government by the constitution are called
where was the video come on eileen filmed
who has the most fifa world cup titles
Which magazine says about Hulk Hogan and Linda?
Does the Bible or Plato's Republic have more witnesses?
What age was Ohga when he died?
who is the protagonist in the last action hero film
What happened to one coach who tried to break up the fight?
where was the movie on golden pond filmed
What do Amanda Knox parents hope for?
according to the law of ​ demand a decrease in the price of a good causes
How many votes did Kerry get against Cronin?
when was slavery outlawed in new york state
when was the inscription placed on the statue of liberty
When is he scheduled to be in court?
who says science in she blinded me with science
surname of woman who owns pie shop in sweeny todd
who played neil in once upon a time
What can you do in the bay?
what is the elevation of the palm springs tram
the upper layer of soil called horizon a is where
What did the Grand jury do?
What will launch?
Which body of water and township of the same name marks the border between Melbourne and Geelong?
What is Atlantic City known for?
What was Syria's response to Iraq's demands?
Which dog, previously found in Eritrea, is now considered extirpated from the entire country?
What did Noriko Savoie threatened to do?
What did the interviewer ask Biden about Obama's policies?
Negotiations are underway between?
LaserDisc was the first format to provide what type of releases to consumers?
What did Joe Paterno say?
who has won the maximum number of grand slam titles
What happened at the end of the Cold War?
Was bacteria found at Nestle plant in Danville?
What is the biological interaction where a predator feeds on its prey called?
where does the last name hickey come from
What is the publication that is dedicated to the analysis of current events and public policy?
what is the game pass on xbox one
what is Knox's expected prison term
What did the development of new imperialism cause?
Who orders inquiry into poor record keeping?
what relation is she to tiger woods
who led the league in sacks in 2017
Who replaces the outgoing Hashemi Shahroudi?
what caused the burned?
who played the giant in the greatest showman
when did the rule of the directory begin
which is the name of the oldest competitor Solheim Cup?
what did supreme court rule
what was italy 's currency before the euro
who is the speaker of the us house of representatives
What is increased pain an indicator of?
What is the conclusion from the evidence that clines cross racial boundaries?
When did the alleged assault take place?
what did Miss California USA Carrie Prejean say
what did Jackson sayabout her goal
Who denied Madonna's request?
What singer inspired Beyoncé's B'Day album?
What did Erich Raeder believe the Luftwaffe needed to do?
who plays shawn 's brother in the good doctor
what do you call a game of bowling
where did the film lord of the rings
Who created the CTAG?
when did the secret ballot start in america
What happened to the husband of Lorelei?
when did pledge of allegiance added under god
how many volumes of akatsuki no yona are there
When did Alexander the Great reach India?
who else contracted this
who played the captain in the sound of music
when is harry potter and cursed child coming out
When is she due to appear in court?
when did the latest kindle paperwhite come out
What tree leaves did Androsthenes describe?
what saw the apparent crash?
What gender's clothing is often more practical?
What crime was Mark Jensen sentenced for?
In 1918 which way did the French idealogies shift that effected Cubism?
who is the newly appointed governor of arunachal pradesh
when did the articles of confederation go into effect
who owns the rights to pride and prejudice
who played aunt rose in the krays film
when does year of the snitch come out
What do French rescuers believe
Who led the congressional hearings?
What is often prescribed by the grammar of a language or by conventions of a particular discipline?
How much was the bailout?
Who called the legislation a threat to public safety?
What does the drug court supporter say is more effective than jail time?
What power was not granted to Congress by the Constitution?
when does the edge of seventeen come out
When was the hurricane?
who won the title of kings of dance
who plays ben 's dad on baby daddy
toronto montreal and -- -- -- -- are the three cities with the largest hispanic population in canada
Who was the child of Emilie Victoria Kraus who might have been another of Napoleon's illegitimate children?
Where is it ok to check your PDA
when is saturday night live coming back on
What building did Julian want to rebuild?
who lost to jordin sparks on american idol
What is a gene whose sequence shows no similarity to existing genes called?
What was the codename of the plutonium-based bomb created in the Second World War?
In what year did Beyonce embark on her Dangerously in Love tour of Europe?
What did the expert says?
who was in charge of building the golden gate bridge
Where was the picture of Michael Phelps taken?
What was the name of the prominent clan during the Heian period?
how much is old kent road in monopoly
What classical music magazine called the Boston Symphony orchestra one of the worlds best orchestras?
what are the names of the gangs in the outsiders
who fired guns in celebration
which british territories did the entente coridale cover
when was the second battle of panipat held
What were the types of economies that were being developed in western Europe?
What events provoked the immigration of people from Germany?
German tactics relied on what type of battle strategy?
how many people were injured
who did the us fight in the spanish american war
what does the egyptian book of the dead contain
Who says the British government was complicit?
When was Ceefax launched?
How far down in the Atlantic seabed?
After growth of the testes and scrotum, while male body part experiences growth next?
where was the rolling stones founder found
What was Charleston's population in 2010?
Where does Nigeria's movie industry rank worldwide?
What is a major factor whn it comes to electrification?
when was the three point shot added to basketball
How many replays took place at the Oval? 
How many in the crew?
What are the districts of Germany considered?
what college did forrest gump play football for
how many episodes in season 5 of mindy project
when did the land rover discovery come out
Who dismissed the Taliban claim?
What lists will be reviewed?
What year was Beyoncé featured both on the Time 100 list as well as the cover of the issue?
In what techniques would a DJ require a vinyl record?
Who refused to yield until troops were summoned?
How many locations were searched?
What number of people were aboard?
which republican senate seats are up in 2018
who is the most awarded actress of all time
Power House Day is celebrated on what day in New Haven?
who has the largest contract in all sports
What network is set to rival Verizon?
who played lex luthor in batman vs superman dawn of justice
After resigning where did Stratford Canning sail off to?
when does the next season of cuckoo come out
What did Jackson's family believe they found at his home that resulted the police to do a search?
Where is Edis Kayalar from?
Duflo received an award for what?
What did Hilary Clinton bring on her visit to Chile?
When was the plane detained?
Do many doctors believe the law protects a high risk group?
What did Ball say human bodies are like?
how many total episodes of spongebob are there
who is carrying the flag for canada at the closing ceremonies
Who have dismal record?
where is ex on the beach bali filmed
What contains four strokes?
Who hit a three run walk off homer off of closer Tom "Flash" Gordon?
What was Paul Merhige arrested for?
4 . which latitudes experience the greatest annual change in daylight hours
what did viewers think of jacksons videos
When was the Jerome Park Reservoir built?
Since what year have claims been suspended in Antarctica?
In what city is the EU headquarters located?
When did many of the largest mobile phone manufacturers sign an EC-sponsored MoU?
where is helium 3 found on the moon
how many episodes in a series of peaky blinders
What was Spinoza's concept of God?
The Mahasanghikas argued that the Sthaviras were trying to expand what?
what type of an animal is an ibex
the great east japan earthquake struck japan on
where did the name jack russell come from
On what date was Frédéric born on?
the location of a gene on a chromosome is called a ( n )
What 2010 body found how difficult it is to accurately report the financial impact of infringement?
What did police confiscate?
What was a new emphasis made on at the international convention?
who does Obama try and include
Despite its imperfection, what are now considered valuable achievements of Principia Mathematica?
what title does the author of ecclesiastes use for himself
What number of people are estimated homeless?
when did the last episode of charmed air
According to Baptists, who should have baptisms?
Who wanted the Russian forces to leave the principalities?
There is a lack of systems to prevent trains from using what?
when do you get called to the bar
The terms "Near East" and "Far East" referring to areas of the globe in or contiguous to the former British Empire and the neighboring colonies fit together as a pair based on what? 
what caused the pony deaths
What do widows not have access to?
where does the saying keeping up with the joneses come from
who wrote the song speed of the sound of loneliness
What was the disagreement between the Justices over whether funding breached what?
What does Wolfowitz calls opposition leader Mir Hossein Moussavi?
when was the colony of new hampshire established
what happened to Mark Felt?
What did Hezbollah not challenge?
What does the woman get for her billboard car?
What provides power assistance for auto brakes?
A stiff punishment for what?
What number of couples have signed up for the free night's stay?
The breed standard only is about what?
who starred in papa do n 't preach video
where do you find the lords prayer in the bible
What is the name of the tech columinst?
In what year was the Sun Power Company established?
the new adventures of old christine season 3 episode 7
Bodies were found after 911 call in which city?
how many different species of arachnids are there
who has won more world series al or nl
Who did he meet?
what are the states that make up new england
With whom did Paul VI issue a regulation in 1968?
how many died in the firebombing of dresden
in which kingdom the bahubali series mainly set
What is the Russian Revolution?
who plays ayesha in guardians of the galaxy
when does the bet experience come on 2018
what are the total no. of panchayat in shimla district
Williams started singing with his brothers, where?
What did the FDA say?
Where was the baby born?
where is it written about separation of church and state
Which company introduced standard base sizes for incandescent lamps?
Which month hosts several religious holidays honoring the Virgin Mary?
Where did John Smyth go into exile?
How many children did Pelagija bore for Tito?
Who looks for way home after 5 days of volunteering?
According to Ganji, who should be charged in court?
To what language group does Old English belong?
Who wrote the History of the Florentine People?
Where was the American women who was shot twice from?
Who is the spiritual leader of Tibet?
What year was Kanye's Pastelle Clothing Line scrapped?
where is the liver located in a human body
After the second delay, when was the dispersal draft schedule to occur?
What period did Rhodes prosper?
What would be one of the duties that a newly elected magistrate could expect to perform?
What was the first place in North America with a Carnival tradition?
Which college in Newham does Eton College co-sponsor?
Where was Amanda Carina Barbosa Rodrigues detained?
what are a critical step
what is another name for normal probability distribution
Who is the only survivor of 12 lawmakers abducted in April?
What is the Alinghi team boss?
what are the two major visual components of mise-en-scène
Who announced thousands of government layoffs?
If Bob does throws 15 more free throws than he did last week, how many more explicit memories has he gained?
When did the indigenous Estonians try to overthrow their Danish and German rulers?
Was the teacher dismissed?
whats It is his first public appearance since rumors months ago about his health?
What country did the college shootings take place in?
Who is protected by copyright laws?
What is Scania?
When was Nanjing made a capital again?
What is the most satisfying thing?
where is the descending aorta located in the mediastinum
Parts of a computer that are not material objects are collectively known as what?
What are some characters not originally intended for Unicode? 
What has the separation of church and state failed to deny the political realm of?
Who is Clinton greatly heartsick over?
when did the great depression end in the united states
when was do they know its christmas made
What never ends well?
What have scientist began to test due to the fact that adrogen results in sexual differences?
who used to do the monday night football song
Who shares tendencies with entrepreneurs?
Who signed the Antarctic Treaty?
What date did plane go down?
Who died in the plane crash?
What states could climate change destabilize?
who came up with pass laws and when
who had the most power during the articles of confederation
What percent lower was Dell selling its notebooks in Taiwan?
What did the police officers do after they found the weapons?
What is one important category of building that was recognized during the Romanesque period?
Other then breastfeeding women, who what other category of woman should have increased water intake?
What summits does EU have membership?
who represented italy in the paris peace conference
What Church did Victoria consider herself aligned with?
when does a star is born start playing
What landed in the hudson river?
How much did Washington's letter sell for?
mom in secret life of the american teenager
What organization became the authority on testing and studying international HDTV technology? 
Who will have  seat on the board?
What did Sen. McCain oppose?
How many pounds did John Tackett lose?
What percent of sub-prime lending occurred at CRA-covered institutions in the run-up to the financial crisis?
A senator of which US state protested proposal over amendments to bill?
How many people died of cholera in London in 1848?
What day did The Red Cross release reports?
What does she say about military contractors?
What protects the outer layer?
When does Ontario expect the Canada Not-for-Profits Corpaoations Act to go into effect?
Who was charged in the slaying?
Where is Orlasenke located?
What did the hotel fall back to?
what was considered a war crime in ww2
What word roots in the 19th century were rejected in favor of words with more common Slavic roots?
Who skippers the boat?
Where is the place to go for flagship stores?
who is the girl that plays renesmee in twilight
What did fallibilism say?
when was amazon founded ( 52 answered correctly )
What does congress continue to do?
When was the Treaty of Alexandropol sanctioned?
What could have led to the Lehman Brothers collapse?
How many tourists does Nanjing receive each year?
where did the phantom of the opera live
Who else was ordered by the High Court to be released?
which bsl level is for lethal agents for which there are no vaccines or other countermeasures
nba record for blocked shots in a single game
What is the matchmaking service called?
What was the Suns headline?
how long does it take for our solar system to orbit the galaxy
What is another term occasionally used to refer to A cappella?
who was the pm when the report of mandal commission was initially implemented
What is the given reason for the discount?
when was the criminal justice system established in the united states
when is the new season of the crown being released
What will solve the problem for good?
When was the Type-C Specification 1.0 finalized?
Are pork and pork products still safe to eat?
who does jackie end up with 70s show
When was the Royal Manchester College of Music founded?
Who directed the armistice negotiation for the Chinese?
What does chlorophyll do with long (red) and short (blue) wavelengths of light?
what could they be used for
On what date did British Somaliland gain independence?
record for most blocks in an nba game
begum akhtar specialised in which form of vocal music
What percentage of people facing eviction from foreclosure?
who plays rachel in only fools and horses
Where were the victims from?
Who recorded a tribute to Jackson?
How many police were injured?
where does army play their home football games
By the end of 2011, total renewable power capacity worldwide exceeded what number?
What were beach goers doing as the bodies were being carried away?
What discipline concerns the way the Quran is correctly recited?
What philosophy has dates back to at least Plato?
How long have the Tamils been fighting?
Where  did she fall?
who plays the principal on liv and maddie
how did the jamaican bobsled do in the olympics
What do you have to agree to with Netflix before you can use their service on PlayStation 3?
who 's voice is jarvis in iron man
Who relegates David Beckham to second place with $44.1 million earnings ?
who are the three main powers in 1984
who is the phone carrier for straight talk
Where Navios Apollon was hijacked?
where did the first boer war take place
where did vikings first land in north america
who said to be or not to be
the metal of choice for inlay and onlay cast restorations is
How much debt to creditors was Greece suppose to reduce?
What company dropped the least number of calls?
What proves mosaics were used in the early middle ages?
who has the most homeruns in baseball history
how many states in india are under congress
What did the boy plot
What were the names of two of the city's most distinctive hotels?
who played marjorie 's nephew nick on mom
What is Kim Jong Il reported to have suffered last year?
How many consecutive years was American Idol the top rated show?
who sings the theme song from phineas and ferb
What institution did R.T. Gunther belong to?
when were bananas introduced to the united states
What was Liu's family told?
when was the republic of south africa established
what kind of hat did dick tracy wear
What causes water quality problems in Guam?
Are the bacteria that is found on poultry easy to get rid of?
What did Meryl get SAG award for?
When was the American Widow Project started?
first leader of opposition in lok sabha was
Where did John McCain get grilled?
who plays simon grace in the spiderwick chronicles
Who is charged with the murder of Annie Le?
Formula One's new team is backed by who?
What group did MLK believe needed more attention from the FBI?
When was the Palacio Taranco erected?
what was the engel v. vitale case about
where did the grand ole opry get its name
What does the lawyer say?
who plays dorthy in the wizard of oz
where do hedge hogs live in the wild
What state has the oldest capital building used continuously since it was built?
Who has asked to visit ground zero?
What killed 3 U.S. troops?
who plays the father on i can only imagine
For what reason does the hog population need protection
what is the capacity of the at&t center in san antonio
What is the name of the headscarf worn by married women?
Who are losing their seats?
What has warmed one degree?
What was the Australian unemployment rate in 1992?
when did prevnar 13 come on the market
a situation in which a market left on its own fails to allocate resources efficiently is known as
When were safe working environments legislation adopted for child labourers?
what is the hurricane's category?
How far is the court from Harare?
What state is named in the lawsuit?
What is the grand prize in the Young Composers Film Competition?
When a prisoner is given a death sentence in a state, what is the first step of collateral review?
when was if you like pina coladas written
Did 9/11 lead to more FBI oversight?
How many were killed in the ensuing riots?
Who remains in the hunt?
who was the first leader of unified england
What did the Consumers Union say?
where did  Two suffered critical injuries in chain-reaction incident
Who is leading the China American Football League?
What does the YAG phosphor coating produce?
pga championship in 2010 . who won the title then
under 19 world cup 2018 captain of india
nba record most points in a playoff game
When was Jasmine Fior reported missing?
What did Ray Holmes believe the German pilot was targeting?
when did the cabbage patch dolls come out
where do the ny yankees play home games
In what city was Stiles arrested?
Where can the tallest tree-fern in the world be found?
which may occur as a result of muscle atrophy
who did the british side with in the french and indian war
what is the rat 's name in ratatouille
Who is John Gibler?
where did sarah alto come in x factor
What make up the oracle during testing?
musical about frankie valli and the four seasons
In what year did Faraday convert electrical energy into mechanical energy?
What country had a post-punk scene after a generation of rock?
What does the new measure stem from?
What metal was developed in south India during the time of the Mauryan Empire?
To what level is training for classical music often required?
what did the villagers say?
who was killed?
When was the first antibiotic discovered?
Egypt was added to the Ottoman Empire in what year?
who discovered the occurrence of oil in assa
Until what century did the Kabul Shahi dynasties rule the Kabul Valley?
6 . what is the name of the danish goldsmith who founded the pandora jewelry company
What state university is located in New Haven?
What kind of insect can damage architectural structures?
From where will it depart?
Which state leads the U.S. in number of shark attacks?
Whose decision did Cher take to Twitter to defend?
What inter-city exhibition game did Chicago have?
what is the principal 's name in the breakfast club
What island is the borough of Brooklyn located on?
What part of Brazil does not observe DST?
What is the lead in the drivers standing?
How tall is Mount Damavand?
who wrote how do you mend a broken heart
Who heped design Zeppelin's album cover "IV"?
Which King was horrified to see the Queen's hemline raised a few inches?
where do they print money in south africa
Who was named best actor?
When did Stupak strike a deal with the president?
What did Adm. John Stufflebeem tell investugators?
Who provided a humorous example of the unreliability of back-translation? 
who portrayed dorothy in 1925 's the wizard of oz
What is the year of Anna's death?
How many acts are covered in agreement?
What does the editor of Game Informer call Video games
Who accoused guards of harsh interrogations?
what does Larry Rosen says about average teens of 2009?
when did baby ruth candy bar come out
how many languages do we have in plateau state
On what date did the Indian Army take control of Hyderabad?
What do police believe the motive is?
where did the idea of the atomic bomb come from
Where is Lara Gut from?
What was the title of AC/DC's 1995 double lp?
What does Lionel Messi top?
where was the hand of faith gold nugget found
In whatear did several members refuse to attend the assention ceremony after a heated debate?
What do certain type of intermediaries NOT do?
What agency stated that the arrangements were an air defence ground environment?
who sings the song will you be my wifey
who did the super bowl halftime show 2017
who played nova on planet of the apes
Which type of light bulb uses inert gas?
who wrote rock and roll i gave you the best years of my life
where was the movie the bridge on the river kwai filmed
when does monter hunter world come out for pc
What are Americans being told to do?
Who is the president-elect?
who says though she be little she is fierce
when does the zookeeper 's wife come out
what type of commercial speech is not protected by the 1st amendment
what book was the movie patton based on
what division of the autonomic nervous system is referred to as rest and digest
Who is Alaska's governor?
What type of practices were those affecting the care of the dead?
In what city was the first Presbytery formed?
what treatments do they get
What store did the Dayton-Hudson Corporation purchase in 1978?
Which act are some demcrats cautious about?
Who died after being shot?
what is the dollar amount of the reward
Who is meeting in Pittsburgh?
when was beijing olympics?
What length is the losing streak?
What officials have dismissed the rules as propaganda and hypocritical?
How much of its funding was earmarked?
Name a popular series of boxing films?
What did  Valerian call the Christian religion?
where is the security code on amex credit card
Which nation was listed as the most democratic?
in 1838 what was the sentence for smuggling opium in to China?
What emotion can be perceived as a combination of disgust and anger?
acronym for department of health and human services
What conviction did Skaggs have?
Who fired shots?
What are 3 million children believed to have?
What term characterizes the type of broadcast made by the BBC prior to late 1935?
what was the number of suspects
Who were marching in Kiev and why?
Castro's performance sent which singer's version to the top of a Billboard chart?
When did La Taverne Angaise open?
When was the term copy-text introduced?
When was the Assumption dogmatically define by the Catholic Church?
when did the red sox win 100 games
Who spearheaded BYU's recent campaign to begin recycling plastics?
who does the voice of barry on archer
first asian to compose a symphony for royal philharmonic orchestra of london
when does the new star wars movie come out this year
When did Owens signed new four-year, $34 million deal ?
what does the song volver volver mean in english
What are repairs aiming to stop?
What is the name of the midfielder?
WHo chose his destination and can share their travel suggestions?
What country did many of the refugees come from?
What is the sixth film in the Harry Potter series?
why do phone numbers in movies have 555
What is the A-device responsible for?
What kind of environmental problem would occur without pollination?
What is the most common element used to create a single in phase signal?
When did Estonia start hoping for freedom?
on which of the following river sardar sarovar dam is built
when do you see darth vader 's face
When did Felix Brinkmann's wife die?
When was Smartzone rolled out to customers?
how many times have the dolphins beat the patriots
What is ecclesiology?
What was one of the many achievements of the American cultures?
Where has an overcrowded ferry capsized?
who did lin manuel miranda play in in the heights
South central Hyderabad is generally the home to what attractions?
When did a mediation process begin between Filner and a city representative?
what channel is the graham norton show on in america
What event is the longest of the 21st century?
Which national park in Tennessee sees more visitors that any other in the United States?
What type of Tv startions replay AL=jazeera and CNN?
How much water is contained in Shockoe Retention Basin?
When did African-American leave the south?
where is lourdes central catholic located in nebraska
What is Angelina Jolie's title that is mentioned?
what did warship do
Who is Stewart David Nozette?
when did it become illegal to prevent the marriage of an interracial couple in the united states
What is the second busiest airport in the New York metro area?
what are the gems in the infinity gauntlet
where did the term bumper crop come from
What were the pillboxes and bunkers connected by?
When is the swap expected to take place?
The army in this war was primarily made up of what sort of units?
Who ran the Smithsonian in 1875?
when did the coneheads first appeared on snl
What industry is Broadway associated with?
What is the Arabic variant of Gabriel?
What are the group's goals?
Who had been to Iran before?
when did season 5 of house of cards come out
How many analog telephone lines were being used on Norfolk Island, as of 2004?
What did Jackson's wife receive after breaking her leg?
What is she challenging?
What was said about the arson?
What were the two DB10s that were not needed for filming used for?
What was the name of the firm commissioned to build The Traymore Hotel?
where in the bible is the story of samuel
In which recording studio did the Beatles do much of their recording? 
Where is Miss America spending a year?
When did the federation have to be implemented by?
who doused Michael Brewer?
The Heian period was known for what types of art?
On what charge was Li Ying jailed for?
What percentage of Kathmandu's economy is trade?
When did Aryabhata live?
What can paparazzi now be sued for?
What is prehension used to define?
It appears that otters may be returning to the city of London after how long an absence?
What is more contemporary Egyptian Pop Singer?
who organized the first pan african conference in 1900
who plays betty in flintstones viva rock vegas
What were there rumours of?
who is the female singer in i 'm an albatraoz
who played seymour lustig in the week of
who did the last drop kick in the nfl
What's the equivalent of Universities of Technology in French-speaking areas?
what woman was eager to change the subject
Who did Federer lost to?
What is the traditional name of the Marshall Islands?
when did cal state hayward change its name
what was the number one song on january 28th 1984
Who is the "Chopper" guest star?
where was the quick and the dead movie filmed
How many minutes gave warning the attackers?
What are the disputed inlets known as?
when 's the next marvel movie coming out
What is  the stimulus money being used for?
What did Obama say about uniting Democrats by November?
What was found in August 11 2002?
what team has the most la liga titles
Approximately how many Europeans dead does Victor Davis Hanson assert are part of Napoleon's military record?
Who  dismisses the new rules as propaganda and hypocritical?
Which consul was responsible for the reforms that allowed all citizens access to join the Roman army?
Who won the first Nobel Prize in Physics?
when did the new honda civic come out
Atlantic City's lack of snowfall is due to its proximity to the Atlantic Ocean and its location where?
What languages strongly influenced Czech?
where does the absorption of food take place
What is it a cross between?
how many grams are in 1 tola gold
How much did Monsters vs. Aliens take at the box office?
Give one example of energy transformation.
Along with Downtown, in what neighborhood of Miami does Bike Miami take place?
What was the plane's route?
who has been the longest serving chief minister in india
When was the Georgia Constitution amended to add Article IV, Section 10?
How many people signed a petition in protest of Everton FC's crest redesign in 2013?
What is name of Elliott's protegee?
Which students have been attacked in Australia?
Who is Barack Obama?
who was the last person
Who is praying for the president's change of heart?
who did cole play in zack and cody
How many inventions does Washington University have funded by the National Institute of health?  
who is the gerbera flower is named after
Which group convened officially for the first time in 1946?
When did penicillin G become available outside of military use?
Who has spoken out again New Moon?
What's on the other side of the Hudson from the Bronx?
When did the dominant religion of Myanmar become something outside of the mainstream ? 
where do vick lived?
Confessional churches express this form of confession, what is it named?
From what does Utah's population grow 2.5 percent?
What did Truman's mother-in-law do?
What is unknown
Where is Two Harbors located?
What was the main difference between humanism and the religions of the time?
What type of democracy was defined in the 1848 federal constitution?
Are the state requirements to be tax exempt the same as the Federal requirements?
what is the second largest economy in europe
Who left a note?
which enzyme seals the gap between the okazaki fragments
Rocket research began prior to which war in some countries?
What was the general effect of the Late Middle Ages on religion?
When will Felipe Massa attend his home grand prix?
When did she perform at the Roseland ballroom?
What year did Black leaders call for this change in language?
the diathesis stress model of abnormality emphasizes that
How many rifle shots were fired?
who won the 2017 money in the bank
where does she 's the man take place
when is the day honoring the roman god of war
Which nickname did Feynman receive?
who wouldn't send Uighur detainees to China due to torture concerns?
who is the girl that sings on choo choo soul
who does ryan reynolds play in a million ways to die in the west
what party did the crew attend?
In what shape did Timur leave the city of Delhi?
7 wonders of the ancient world still standing
What did Contador take from Andy Schleck?
what museum is in the forbidden city in beijing china
What kind of cup did the woman on the scarlet horned beast have?
when was the clock tower in london built
What is a noted hotel brand throughout North America?
Who were recently killed in helicopter crash?
when did the movie silence of the lambs come out
What road leading northwest from downtown New Haven comprises both Route 10 and Route 63 at various points?
Which item of clothing worn by cardinals is always white?
surfer girl who got arm bit off by shark
Before he escaped, what was the length of the prison sentence Biggs received?
who discovered that the heart works like a pump
who is the douglas fir tree named after
What did the Lorenz beam allow aircraft to do?
who wrote the history of loss of vietnam
What GE employee developed the visible-spectrum LED?
where did the foo fighters get their name from
who become the 24th governor of the reserve bank of india in 2016
What are European revolutions known as in other countries?
who wrote the music to fiddler on the roof
Where did Cixi go after Beijing fell to the 8 armies?
What does the UN Agency says is to blame for the increase in hunger?
Who does Bellini workfor?
What is USB not intended for?
What is the Pro Electron standard?
when did the care act came into force
When did Russian explorers first reach North America?
what has been returned to parts of brazil
To what language family does Arabic belong?
where does the most expensive coffee bean come from
What types of communities have been reported in Iraq?
star trek next generation season 5 episode 4
who sings i want to soak up the sun
How many people comprised the relief team?
how many years are in prison?
Which player scored a hatrick?
What would the commercials be for?
What did Lincoln never know about?
What is crucial for biochemical reactions?
how many died?
Who is paying fees?
during a kidney transplant the renal vein of the donor kidney is anastomosed to the
what homes are in danger
What is a good place to visit for jazz?
how many time have hampshire won the county championship
how many militants killed?
Which newspaper has a significantly higher circulation, The Sunday Times or The Times?
Who asked readers for their thoughts on the anniversary?
What did the synthpop style of music benefit from the gaining popularity of?
what is the most common last name in ireland
The giant celebration that involved the whole community is thought to be the origin of what festivity?
What was Victoria's mother's name?
When is Mac snow leopard expected to be out?
what law allowed the us to claim uninhabited islands
what was in the pie in the movie the help
What was the name of the fisherman in lore that saw a vision of Saint Peter near the Abbey?
What did they do celebrate the person's birthday?
What stage of development differentiates a 4-stage metamorphosis from a 3-stage metamorphosis, notably absent in the latter?
Approximately how many times did police capture shipments of bomb-grade plutonium or uranium between 1993 and 2005?
In what year did the Battle of Actium take place?
when was the australian coat of arms designed
when did the house of lords change to supreme court
the simpsons all you can eat seafood episode
What color was the truck seen?
what are the band members names in fleetwood mac
american type of apple pie in a deep dish
who presented in parliament the separate rail budget in india
who is the first air chief marshal of indian air force
Who killed Yuan Chonghuan?
shmuel the boy in the striped pajamas actor
What necessity is Ryanair considering turning coin-operated?
who was considered the leading comedic writer during the new comedy era in greece
who is mr fiers in amazing spider man
What century was the home?
who plays the grandma in grandma 's boy
who was sent to the rio grande to claim the southern border of texas
What needs to be addressed?
When was the last time the Pittsburgh Penguins claimed the trophy?
who has taken the highest number of wickets in test cricket
when was the first college founded in america
who was the founder president of harijan sevak sangh
What are military experts now looking at?
When a specialized species resorts to foraging and eating other diets, it's like because it's primary food source is?
where is the small indian mongoose native to
What nicknames was Sultan 'Abdu'l-Hamid II given?
Who may play a match as a curtain raiser to the tournament?
what type of defense do the cowboys run
What frequency did the line of Hungarian rail system used in 1923?
What is the man accused of?
who made the song eye of the tiger
What were the winning digits?
Who is Shimon Peres?
What effect does race have in the lives of people?
When did Armenia reject the referendum proposing the retention of the Soviet Union?
what did writers vote
In what century did some German-trained classicists in the US suggest modifying the common usage to Vergil?
which medical board complained
what is the population of cullman county alabama
how much did the first iphone cost when it came out
who views crime as a desire for success when the legitimate means to achieve it are limited
learner as tabula rasa is a presumption in
when did france give the us the statue of liberty
What does charitable arm of advertising do?
What city did a peaceful match between two armies take place in 2007?
What percent is the  failure rate of contraceptive pills?
Who defeated Babur's son in 1540?
Where is the American Theatre Company based?
Who stripped the previous record? 
what nation did japan turn into a colony
What festival was celebrated in the 1950s in recognition of the city's Mexican and Spanish past?
chicago hot dog restaurant that yells at you
What was created to manage response to tar balls?
who played the daughter of darlene on roseanne
What part of Bagdad was attacked?
who was killed in Peshawar?
who plays jack in once upon a time
What was the score in the match between Roma and Cagliari
who won american idol the year jennifer hudson
Who said that Nasser conquered the Arab workd with radio?
Who founded the Umayyad regime?
when does the new movie zombies come out
what is the story of swan lake summary
WHo set fire to the church?
When were the elections held?
What did Memo say?
who can adapt to American system
How far back could these recording practices be traced?
What was the magnitude of the quake that struck early Tuesday?
New York was called New Orange for a period based off which historical figure?
why was germany divided into two separate countries after wwii
as established by the articles of confederation the national government could
Where is Dushanbe located?
What is the reward being offered for information?
who wrote i think i 'm going back
What opened only to pedestrians?
What percentage of electricity was produced from renewable energy in 2009?
How many acres of land does Houston's green spaces cover?
when did the 5 pound coin come out
what kind of government was the articles of confederation
What was the first of Chopin's works to gain international renown? 
What is Mel brooks job ?
What kind of bacteria may be present?
what does us military say about abu
What was modified with three sails and solar panels?
Who may be surprised?
What is being used for soldiers cultural sensitivity training?
What are the positive effects that cliques may have on an adolescent?
Along with the Middle East and North America, to what continent did the Somali diaspora go in the 1990s?
Where did the suspect live?
How is sensitivity shown in the ISO systems?
who was the first president from the newly evolved democratic-republican party
What can't meet demand?
who testified before the committees?
who invented the coat of arms of trinidad and tobago
who is the song where do you go to my lovely about
What are children stolen for?
What was contained?
Why was dBASE successful?
when does it rain the most in florida
What exists within the main Unicode categories? 
Who ferried 16,000 children?
Who's been inaugurated as the new El Salvador's president ?
list three word processing application apart from microsoft word
when did oklahoma become part of the united states
when did the last world war 1 veteran die
where does the show the ozarks take place
who pioneered the little black dress or lbd back in 1926
What year did The Daily Universal Register initially start?
who does samantha end up with on er
How many members does the “Group of 77” have?
What company created the film "Up"?
What is the profession of James A. Beckford?
what verse in the bible talks about the blood moon
How far back does Chapter One of On the Origin of Species go in its coverage of animal and plant species?
What was the name of this son?
when did season 7 of once upon a time come out
What is the name of the city?
what does the beast of england represent in animal farm
What is still very much alive and kicking?
what does ( i ) mean on imdb
Who divided Central Tibet into districts? 
on what round did Marin Cilic beat Igor Andreev?
What will the military close?
What are the scriptures on vinaya called?
the monster are due on maple street book
Which three areas are high in Irish and Polish?
Who tried to pass nuclear filters?
What were the top wind speeds reported during the tornados in Oklahoma?
who played the drug dealer in pulp fiction
What will interior ministry release
former what singer
What is date of the Battle of Swienta?
What are some of the musical inspirations that this person has?
how many states in america have the death penalty 2017
When was Fayyad appointed?
Which memory is an elderly person helping by using appointment books?
Who doesn't use email?
what episode is the family guy american dad crossover
what does three dots after a sentence mean
Which company manufactures the iPod Hi-Fi accessory?
Who surveyed 130 school food directors in 38 states?
What do some polychaetes eat that has been causing problems?
In what year did the pope make the declaration?
what kind of fish are in kerr lake
why did the japanese attack pearl harbor facts
What defenses does a domestic cat have against predators?
where does the black panther character come from
what is in the green goddess dressing at saladworks
what does move do?
Where does the Mississippi discharge?
who plays zoey how i met your mother
Who needs to perform well in front of their fans?
How much did Holiday Inn repay?
what were two big subgenres of house music?
who played jackie kennedy in the film jackie
who was the song baby blue written about
What finance-related acts are forbidden by the Quran?
What was Schaefer was convicted of?
What amendment of the Constitution does cruel and unusual punishment violate?
How did Alan Dershozitz describe the Sudan?
How long is the sentence?
What country is he from?
how many us presidents have had a state visit to the uk
Who was the assistant?
What is the basis of inheritance of phenotypic traits?
what must parliament approve
How many children died?
When was the ban originally instituted?
What is the name of the model, who has had sentence delayed until end of Ramadan?
What are 20th century variations on standard Italian called?
Where did Kurit head after passing through the San Bernardino Strait?
What date was the first official use of the term United Nations?
where does the story the necklace take place
Humans consider insects as what?
What did he do to become fit?
who did negan kill on the walking dead season 7 episode 1
voice of peggy on king of the hill
when did the unbreakable kimmy schmidt come out
What is used asphalt turned back into?
who left seychelles for tanzania
When was the Gaia hypothesis discovered?
who is the 1976 movie sparkle based on
how many times is son of man used in the bible
who sang lead vocals on smoke on the water
Where did Prince William visit?
How much Lufthansa flights are planned to fly on Tuesday ?
what type of college is full sail university
where is the georgia alabama game being held
when did sudan the last white rhino die
where is the super bowl going to be played in 2019
What did Ford's alternatives provide for republican's?
who is the movie the departed based on
What portion of Samoa works in agriculture?
Who are the famous Venezuelen mandolinist? 
what can you find in a griffin 's body
when does pirate of the caribbean come out
who was the second man to step on the moon
Who is a friend of Zach braff
What does the evidence prove?
how big was the italian navy in ww2
what is the minimum age to become the president of india
who plays jane 's grandmother in jane the virgin
What did David Arneson die from?
who was the first person evicted from big brother season 1
How many people were killed by flash floods in Vietnam?
which nation india never beat in t20 international
when did babe didrikson go to the olympics
when did ant and decs saturday night takeaway first air
What makes the bicycle special?
What event did Thallus describe?
when do you need a multiple comparison test
who plays grant on secret life of the american teenager
Who is failing to score this season?
what was the name of the train on mr rogers
who does the album art for circa survive
who formed part of the process of setting up the freedom charter
What did a couple try to name their baby?
About how many people lived in Rome at the end of the 500s?
Interpretations of written score is left to whom?
Where is the world's largest urban tram network located?
How many classic TV shows will be honoured?
Two Islamic jihad militants were killed where?
thasos revolted in order to be free of
What makes up half of Afghanistan's GDP?
Who is Bill Ross?
when did orange is the new black season 5 come out
who sang the theme song for silver spoons
Was the drunk hijacker brought under control?
What was the movie made to inspire assembly line workers called?
In what century did "hound" start to only apply to hunting dogs?
when was back to you made by selena gomez
who plays jim in season 3 of trollhunters
Which countries' colonies were given to the Allied powers in 1919?
Who accompanied Chopin's sister to Paris?
who was last year 's ncaa football champion
What type of disasters affects the western US every year?
What was Saberi convicted for?
Who failed to tell the officers about the guns?
who scored 3-1
who sings song stuck in the middle with you
During the 6th through 3rd centuries BC how much copper was mined in Rome?
Why was Gaddafi made fun of in elementary school?
What did Frances President say?
who laid the foundation of british rule in india
who played eloise in one day at a time
What encoding reduces the heterogeneity of a dataset by sorting SNPs?
What type of castle tops the Lisbon skyline along Portugal's most dramatic coastline?
What are New Style dates?
Who did Napoleon select to lead the troops sent to invade Portugal?
The strength of what empire's army pushed Alexander to retreat?
when was the last time germany lost in the world cup
When did the Werhmacht cross south border of Estonia?
what is the function of the skelital system
who wrote lets call the whole thing off
What are the principles similar to?
when is the last episode of the originals going to air
what 's the name of the bird in charlie brown
where is the current ashes test being played
who sings what 's my name in descendants 2
Where is Obama heading to?
who plays mars in shes got to have it
Where is Ahmed speaking?
how long did the judges listen to the debate
How many professional baseball teams are located in New York?
the name for spanish explorers who claimed land
What came out of the cockpit panel?
Number of acres the firest destroyed?
What was the first Arena Football League video game?
Who needs to be the headliner
as per the census of india 2011 the state having the highest number of urban population is
Who agreed to establish or expand US operations?
The initial state of earth was what?
when was the first freddy krueger movie made
How many games were secured to broadcast by BSkyB?
What league are the Chicago Cubs in?
What films have life affirming moments?
Why did Jesus accept Crucifixion.
What is equal to one U.S. dollar?
who was considered the father of american geography
What was the checkpoint a part of?
Which executive drove to Washington?
What did creative people use to attract mates?
What is California's jobless rate?
What did Brown say was the catastrophe that America watched?
what do the green lights on xbox 360 mean
what were the lights from
when did coco pops come out in the uk
Who benefits from the process analysis and dissemination of this information? 
What did the group do?
when did live like you were dying come out
what song has stayed number one for the longest
when did they build the 7 mile bridge
Paul claims the Resurrection was needed for what reason?
Where did the Normans go off to instead of publishing the book?
Who is the leader?
Who had a shoulder injury?
when does escape the night season 2 start
when did bill knapps go out of business
who was the sound effects guy on police academy
What does the Brazilian law ban?
What individuals scandal industry kicked into full gear?
How many American families are in the process of adopting from Russia?
In modern day New Haven who makes up for majority of the demographics in terms of ethnicity?
when was sunday in the park with george written
Where was debris found?
where did the "chilling out" concept develop?
no man 's land between greece and turkey
What is the plot from which film speed is derived called?
what does program allow drivers to do?
Who killed an Australian commando?
where did the agony in the garden take place
When did the Black Death end?
how can you tell if your passport is biometric
name an organ and / or system that can be affected by a genetically-linked condition
ok google when does american horror story start
What terms in relation to Europeans did most indigenous people enjoy under treaties?
where are the presidents carved into the mountain
who said it is a tale told by an idiot full of sound and fury
What makes the refugee movement difficutl?
who was denied
When did they last win the league?
In what type of relationship does an organism travel by means of another?
When will they gather?
What was needed to replace an iPod Nano battery?
what does it mean to girdle a tree
Who seems to be released from any art and religious conformities?
where did the students go
Who got arrested at the Nuevo Leon airport?
The four year air attack was instrumental in Britain forming what?
which political party currently holds the most seats in the bundestag
What career path was decided upon for Von Neuman?
How long were Sasanin Persians ruling Egypt?
Where was this woman from?
Which cleric was tortured in Egypt?
What did Jupiter personify in regards to Rome's highest offices?
who sings i want to check you for ticks
What did he walk through wrong side of?
who plays jesus in the movie mary magdalene
After what holiday will the number of troops increase?
Buckingham Palace is also the London Residence for which Duke?
In what year did Andre Agassi use crystal methamphetamine?
where is kirkuk
who plays louis in ice age continental drift
who is the actress that plays ziva on ncis
What had a hold over social life in the Ottoman Empire as well as other cultures?
when did they stop making the ford crown victoria
It was the 20th anniversary of what event?
Who's longtime aides were replaced?
when was the last time the raiders went to the playoffs
who did michigan state lose to in 2017
who was the ruler of india when east india company was set up
What did the tow-truck driver say?
In which country was the treble roll off greater?
What do Jehovah's Witnesses maintain they want to protect?
What did Clinton feel about helping the journalists?
When was the landing called off?
who plays whitney houston in the bodyguard musical
what is the mission of the national endowment for the arts
who wrote i 'd be better off in a pine box
Who is spokesman for Nigerian military?
Which artist released a music video and three audio tracks on CD-V in 1989?
What does BMI not take into account?
who holds the record for longest sniper shot
where was the uss missouri when japan surrendered
What theater sits on Yale's campus?
What was the reason they went to Hubble Space Telescope?
Which oil group did Nigeria join?
What is one explanation for the rise of retail stores in earlier history?
who is my next of kin if i am divorced
The German rocket center was located in what city?
which mountain man rediscovered south pass and brought back important information about this trail
What countries have big public sectors but low corruption?
An interest in texts from which two ancient civilizations sparked the Italian Renaissance?
Which party did Internet Archive side with?
As what did Ban Ki-Moon introduce Elizabeth to the UN?
What are disputes surrounding Prejeans title over?
where did apollo 17 land on the moon
How long have the government and Houthi rebels been fighting?
who plays chucky in the cult of chucky
where do the egg and sperm join together
What was one of the issues with setting a single HDTV standard?
who sang the song give me some lovin
What did the Office of Fair Trading decide regarding the claim that Sky abuses their position in 2002.
who is when i was your man written about
when did 2nd world war started and ended
who will the public memorial service be held for
where does porterhouse come from on a cow
Who received hate mail?
no of seats of bjp in lok sabha
What big cats in Indonesia also attack dogs?
Which company wants to take over Cadbury?
What produces tracks similar to the fossilized tracks discovered by paleontologists?
who wrote the song what 's so funny bout peace love and understanding
when did national conventions begin in american politics
who wrote i really love to see you tonight
when was the voting age changed to 18 uk
who did sebastian 's voice in the little mermaid
If a team is relegated in the Premier League what type of tv payment do they receive?
Who is asking for a compassionate sentence?
Where were Herman's Hermints and the Hollies from?
Who is rumored to be running out of gas?
how many filipinos sought shelter?
Where were surface-to-air missiles first developed?
when was 12 steps and 12 traditions written
What year was Qiantang raised in status and renamed Hangzhou?
Up until when did physical anthropology texts still argue that biological races exist?
what happened to the tacoma narrows bridge physics
when did the forest fire start in california
The militia that fought in New Haven was lead by who? 
What did the 911 dispatcher say
where do the equator and the prime meridian meet
Who's student status came into question?
how many mourners gathered
Along with a new constitution, Mali became what type of state in 1991?
what does richard say
when is the cutoff for being a millennial
What is used in most video DVDs?
what is the latest ms office for mac
who wrote middle school the worst years of my life
When did To Kill a Mockingbird first get circulated?
which period of the five year plan is called plan holiday
On what day was the girl found?
what is the term for a charged atom
The principle Bible college of the Free Will Baptists is located in which Tennessee city?
who wrote all the lies that you told me
What was Henry Wrinkler awarded?
what time did vick faces up in prison?
What two people discovered the electrochemical properties of zinc?
Who did he introduce Bulgarian pilgrims to?
Where is International Islamic University located?
where do they film orange is the new black
How many infants died due to the formula?
How many large colleges exist in Plymouth?
Who says suspect sent school administrators notes in packages with bullets?
What is the term used to describe those with no outside contact?
Who apologises to thousands of aborigines?
The Allies took back their offer to Napoleon in what month?
what did they do
who has less risk of developing dementia
Who does Secretary Clinton say has "constant demand for attention'?
One of Beyonce's most successful tours yet was which one?
What is an example of a mutually beneficial process indicating the coevolution of plants and insects?
What do some of these special missions in the USAF who deploy with the infantry do?
Customers filed claim against who?
What percentage of Galicians identify with this religion?
How many  Salvadorans  are in America now?
Who is scheduled to participate in a debate Saturday?
What film is Colin Firth is getting Oscar nods for
What version of firmware update gave the PlayStation 3 its 3D capability? 
the asteroids that cross the orbit of earth belong to a group called the
Where does a cappella still maintain a heavy presence?
What service runs between South Lake Union and Westlake Center?
Who runs the program?
who is in the finals of so you think you can dance
where did callie torres go in season 13
What concept was relevant to the solvability of the problem of measure?
what number of cash do they want?
what is considered critically endangered?
where does the influenza virus settle in your body
When was the case brought before courts?
who won us open 2017 women 's singles
When did parliament vote to pull its troops from Afghanistan by?
What is created when vocal folds are slightly closed and vibrate?
What was the ruling
Off of what state's coast did these people go missing?
who played ingrid on dr quinn medicine woman
What satellite did Nigeria's fourth satellite replace?
What talent does Dasharatha have?
Which console featured a top-loading design?
In what century did the European average annual temperature decrease?
When was the first European to visit the area of NYC?
where does positive selection of t cells occur
What type of fan originated in China?
What kind of leader dismissed Mubarak
who plays brooklyn decker 's husband in grace and frankie
Who did it to her
who was the president of india during 1962 emergency
In what year did GE sell its computer division to Honeywell?
What is BYU's parent organization?
who played trash in return of the living dead
who started the bethel african methodist episcopal church in philadelphia
what disease is the second most feared disease?
What did Strank not receive?
one side effect of price ceilings is that they produce
What did the university president say?
Who else died?
Who was ousted on June 28?
What is the oldest Slav state in Central Europe?
who was the narrator on dukes of hazzard
How many people died in Syria on Friday?
who plays amys brother on everybody loves raymond
who had the item
What year did the students and police clash?
What does SCHIP stand for?
what are the dates of the nc state fair
Where are the Grannies located?
What percentage of people were were found to have a high likelihood of low literacy skills in the Mississippi Delta region?
Predators that prevent others from becoming dominant are called what?
when do the clocks go forward in the united kingdom
Who is Urban Escapes' founder?
What is the legal name of the "Stupid Motorist Law"?
Along with Tolkien, what modern scholar notably made use of Old English?
How many groups were involved in conflict of World War II?
What did the quake measure?
who owns the rio casino in las vegas
what kind of dog is the tennessee volunteers mascot
what dog breed is lady from lady and the tramp
The Treaty of Paris prevented France from keeping troops in what location?
who controls and monitors the drugs in india
when was the first atm installed in uk
Which engine fell off this jet?
Is poultry available in various forms?
What is the purpose of networks of channels in microcolonies?
the zygapophyseal joints of the vertebral column are classified as
Black Rock Fort was built in response to what event in the 18th century?
What has evolved over time?
what was the main source of income in colonial virginia
when is bravest warriors season 3 coming out
Who disappeared?
which is the longer of the two signals used in the morse code
What kind of linguists do not like placing Catalan in the Occitano-Romance category?
What houses the Museo Romantico?
how does scrooge react to the ghost of christmas yet to come
when does season 5 of marvels agents of shield start
where did hurricane irma hit in the us
What did an analysis of the 13 studies of pain treatment conclude about the effect of real treament versus sham treatments?
What does Fareed Zakaria say about Sarah Palin?
what year was the quiet man supposed to be set in
What caused the cut in sponsorship money?
who does jake 's voice in adventure time
who wrote and directed the film the beguiled
Female insects reproductive system contain a pair of what?
who sings the theme song for republic of doyle
When three are called, one is often sent to what?
Alexander III invaded what empire after his father was killed?
How much money do residents get back for participating in water conservation per square foot?
How many square miles does Boston cover?
Where did the veteran journalist collapse?
how did american popular culture change around the turn of the 20th century
Who broadcasts Idol in southeast Asia?
who played margo in take the high road
In the judgement, it is stated that the aim of the Genocide Convention, at its most simplest, is preventing the destruction of which victims?
Who praises the film?
Who died after being shot in home invasion last week?
what did the police say
What practice differentiates the Angican Communon from Protestant churches at large?
What did CNN.com ask readers to share?
who was in a coma?
What is the area's primary airport?
What date did the U.S. intervention in New Mexico end?
What could cause the failure of a capacitor?
Who will Cain endorse?
when did the u.s. navy move the headquarters of the pacific fleet from the west coast to hawaii
What J. Craig Venter said?
which team is chad hurley
When did Seibu, located in Jakarta, re-open? 
From what river did the engine pump water?
When will Leno's show go off the air?
What was the size of the space where Jones was trapped?
Which two figures refused to back down after the churches worked out their disagreements?
What will PB Capital do after it takes over the title?
What is the name of the french gorilla from la boissiere?
What did Wenhua do?
Where did both Jefferson and Madison attend religious services?
Who did the Guinness Book of World Records say was the oldest dog in 2011?
Do additive or subtractive methods use less raw materials?
where did jesus heal peter 's mother in law
who played the mother in the horse whisperer
OCA is the preferred method of defeating what kind of attacks? 
When was the wall started?
How much energy does a green light of wavelength 555 nm contain?
Who was an example of an excessively loyal samurai?
where is the original in n out located
china 's economy has expanded at a faster rate reaching what gdp value in q2 2017
who wrote the book the zookeeper 's wife
what is the role of buchholz relay in transformer
In which year did the garden receive a makover with a water distribution system?
where was the agreement which gave birth to caricom signed
Where is Arcadia located?
why were atalanta and her husband turned into lions
What happened to children at the hospital?
What is Bell famous for inventing?
What type of weather changes did areas outside of the tropics experience?
From what source did kings derive their personal income from?
What did the hit man say?
Who published a picture of an Olympic champion using a bong?
Which book did Victoria publish that did nothing to take away from the rumors about her and John Brown?
What do autistic children have difficulty distinguishing?
What font technology has reduced the need for transliteration?
What did Yemeni authorities say?
how many union troops fought in the wilderness battle that lasted 44 days
where does the axillary artery supply blood to
Who was one of the few female Hollywood directors in this era?
Why was Howie Mandel not well?
When will the Picasso etchings be displayed?
What would the family support?
When was the woman arraigned?
Where have the nba played exhibition games in the past?
What are local associations  intended to implement?
What groups dissented?
Which topic did Feynman's commencement speech at Caltech center around?
What nationality was the slain girl?
Who had a terrorism plot against the embassy?
el amor en tiempos de colera in english
Who were the first inhabitants of Southeast Asia?
By which year did Darwin have the basic premise of his natural selection theory?
how many groups are there in the fifa world cup
Who did Croatia beat?
During what time were the Anglo-Mysore Wars?
Where is Andre-Pierre Gignac from?
At the end of 2016, how many soldiers were in the Regular Army?
What was governing the polish tribes?
what would help NASA to predict the effects?
What was in the suitcase that Israeli police found?
Who dropped any passages dealing with miracles or visitations of angels from his work the Jefferson Bible?
who wrote all the light you can not see
the flash season four episode 10 release date
Who got married?
How many councilors sit on the City Council?
when does season 12 orange county housewives start
The Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium is located in which Indian city?
who led the reign of terror in france
which part of the scapula serves as an attachment site for both the rhomboids and serratus anterior
Where are the family members located?
when did jane the virgin season 4 start
Who oversees the period of reckless behavior?
Who gave pre-recorded evidence?
who sings the song for star trek enterprise
who was the future american president who made a national name
During what years did the five Departments of State do the work of the modern Ministry of Defence?
Who won the Atlanta mayoral runoff?
The movie adheres to what?
In what year was the merger charter signed?
How many photos were released?
Who is the drummer?
What part of your vehicle should you remember to check twice a year?
when was the first hockey world cup held
How many cyber cafes were withing the territory in 2006?
who wore all the lantern rings at once
Who is Ratko Mladic?
How many kilowatts of power are produced by the solar plant built in 2009?
who was named sexiest man alive the most times
Which Western Premier was murdered in the Igbo coup?
How many hours after the sieged were they rescued?
The first third of what was translated at the abbey?
what is his job?
where is who wants to be a millionaire located
who kills the girl from happy death day
According to those who argued against Hayek, what sets planned and free markets apart is what?
Who is imposing their strict brand of Islamic law in the region?
In what year did the number of United Kingdom pubs generally start to decline?
During what season were "cubbie-bear" mascots outside of Wrigley on game day?
when did six flags great adventure first open
What day is "Earth Day"?
Who was the inaugural Communist Party Secretary of Zhenjiang?
Beyonce and Jay-Z went to a rally for the acquittal of whom?
When were the actors in Spectre announced?
who plays zoe in i love you man
Who do police have in custody?
Who had previously worked on fission bomb yields before Feynman?
Name Rick Perlstein's book
when does the commitment of traders report come out
what are the different cardiac biomarkers in heart disease
who does leslie marry in parks and rec
Which candidate did Schwarzenegger appear with at a presidential campaign rally?
How many people were indicted?
when did tear drops on my guitar come out
who leads the nba in 4 point plays
how much is the toll on the harry nice bridge
where was the movie guns of navarone filmed
who wrote the book of jude in the holy bible
when did cant buy me love come out
What factors did the situated perspective believe to be most important?
which battle lost the most soldiers in ww2
colloquial reading are usually used where?
How much oil is Egypt producing in a day?
Who granted the privilege of Piotrkow?
At what venue does the Hampshire County Cricket Club play?
Ibrahim Pasha landed with his army when?
which of the u.s. military branches was originally a part of the u.s. army
The complete historical file of the digitized paper of The Times is online and published by what publisher?
What caused dead?
Which number squadron was Albert appointed commanding officer in 1918?
who is the leader of the t-birds in grease
For what musical group was a special edition of the iPod first made?
where is the hanging gardens of babylon located
What did Obama urge?
what was the first permanent european settlement in what is now the united states
when was the first subway sandwich shop opened
who wrote the health and safety at work act
where is the publishers clearing house headquarters located
what two bodies of water does the erie canal link together
where is the gone with the wind house
This band named after an animal was inspired by Queen?
WHo compared them
when did the three strikes law take effect
who is the protagonist in how the grinch stole christmas
What ultimately caused Pyrrhus to vacate completely from the country of Italy?
Who is memorable due to her guts, skill and humor?
Who was re-elected to a third term?
How many science disciplines were taught at madaris in the Ottoman Empire?
where did the 7 days of the week come from
Who criticized Galen in the 1500s?
Who signed a new contract with AC Milan?
What will Palin address?
Who says it will attack Japanesse military?
who did not expect the protesters?
who wrote let me love you by justin bieber
Who did Bosworth meet with?
Between 1939 and 1949, how many military officers and personnel were trained on the Evanston and Chicago campuses?
Where did these Germans eventually occupy?
what is the function of wire feeder in mig mag welding
What type of hardware is Secure Blue?
What time did the pirates storm the ship?
which part of the fibula articulates with the talus
What did Jehovah's Witnesses persistent legal challenges result in, in the United States?
what does united states use
meaning of the song wanted dead or alive
Along with phenomenalists, what idealists believe the senses are more important than reason?
when was the first dog sent to space
how many episodes are in season 8 of modern family
Where can one find the encoding techniques for CDs?
What did they do with the device?
where did the phantom of the opera originate
Where was Brittanee Drexel  last seen?
what was the major platform of the know-nothing party
Where was the violence?
What could cause early light-output degradation in LEDs?
when was gone with the wind filmed in color
what type of french is spoken in canada
who sang it 's a kind of hush
who chooses the prime minister in the uk
how many civilans killed?
Which cemetery in Vienna received Popper's ashes?
What job did Schwarzenegger's father want him to pursue?
is an internal company-wide system of computer networks
What is Riserva di Fizzano for the rest of the year?
On what plain is New Delhi located?
when was he found dead?
What thins out in fall and winter
What does Darling claim O'Neal tried to do?
How old are the players in the Quebec Junior Football League?
Has there been talk of criminal prosecution?
parts of the surface of a gem stone
What group started an armed rebellion in Guinea-Bissau?
What invention prevented lines from getting mixed?
who plays harry in the amazing spider-man 2
how many episodes in the have and have nots season 5
where did the feeding of the five thousand take place
where does facilitated diffusion occur in the cell membrane
where did the phrase out of left field come from
When will a prosecutor's spokesman offer details?
When did the FBI lab first appear?
Who is Satyam's Chairman?
Who supported Beyonce through her depression?
How many Slaps per hour were served?
Sanskrit is the primary sacred language of which religion?
What Catholic belief did early Protestants not agree with?
What were the smerdy initially given in the Kievian law code?
What is the name of the pilot facing 10 years in prison?
where was chitty chitty bang bang car made
where did the term fingers crossed come from
Who first developed consumer HD television with a 5:3 aspect ratio?
What theaters are at North Carolina State University?
what was the name of captain hooks ship
What did Zellweger say about it?
What was Roper's position?
who plays don corleone in godfather part 2
In what year did the Epirus Revolt take place?
What did the driver taunt civil rights marchers with?
Who is Park Ji-Sung?
What was the main problem with the eMac's CRT?
What type of estates did Hellenistic monarchs run their kingdoms?
All new converts to the movmeent since 1935 were considered part of what class?
How did Financial Times rank BYU among business schools worldwide in 2009?
who negotiated the release of the hostages from iran
What is another name for Miami limestone?
What did Britain gain in North America from the war?
What is one way we can show that black Bermudians are of different heritage than African Americans?
when did magic the gathering first come out
who deserves the presumption of innocence
How many companies were taken over by People's Committees?
Where was the schoolboy from?
why do you put fork marks on peanut butter cookies
when was the eiffel tower built and why
where is the original 5 points in nyc
what season did mccoy join law and order
Who lunged at Steven Green?
Who is the head of the Sudanese government?
Which Australian state was once known as the garden state?
Who had taken control of Luoyang?
who has the most sacks in nfl history
The first astrolabe with a mechanical calendar was invented where?
Many of the Sultans of the Ottoman empire were accomplished at being what?
Which host quit after the first season?
who won the first american inter-collegiate football game
In which small town did Thurmond and his wife live
when Celebrations outside chief justice's home mark reinstatement?
who won the last season of food network star
Who was objecting?
How much evidence of the link between the languages is currently available ?
Who picked Woods as a wildcard?
When did the popularity of a German identity arise?
What was the last Chinese dynasty?
Who opposes any such launch?
How many millions of years old were the plants that were discovered in New Brunswick?
When was the last execution in Laos?
What is Jeff Kepner's occupation?
The first American to travel into space was whom?
How long had the tripartite discussions been taking place?
what battle did the tuskegee airmen help win
What was the name of the friend whom the chimpanzee mauled?
who is the city of houston named after
What type of connection does Tri-Band 3G offer its customers?
What did Arthur die from?
Who wrote "The Greatest Show on Earth: The Evidence for Evolution"?
how many people remain in hospital
In which year were minor amendments made to the Crown Office Order?
what : The United States does?
What does she suffer from?
Who has the authority to make treaties?
What region did La Malinche hail from?
Where is the mountain?
what is Nancy Grace's debut novel called?
When was green associated with the romantic movement in literature and art?
Where in the UK was the power station vandalized?
What would cause the private banking system to weaken?
Who offers advice?
when was dissociative identity disorder added to the dsm
How many helicopters from Iraq crossed the border into Syria?
what does the dot product of two vectors give
Who is Turkeys biggest pop star?
The custody case has attracted which well-known politiician?
What was the score in the All Blacks game?
What is the word often a term of?
who played mrs. muir in the ghost and mrs. muir
What did Adams recently announce?
Where did the drone strike?
What adds to the confusion of the number of nails used?
What is "Watchmen" film devoted to?
When was Naeem Khalid Lodhi fired?
Who will star in the upcoming ABC pilot "The Manzanis"?
What is subjective idealism closely related to?
when did goosebumps by travis scott come out
guardians of the galaxy game episode 2 release date
How was Victoria dressed for burial?
What elementary force can some specialized fabrics generate?
Who visited the White House on G.W. Bush's last night as President?
what is the rank of jharkhand in population
How are Pacific Islands Americans distinct from the indigenous peoples of the Americas?
What has a renowned publicist said about Jackson?
Where did the BBC broadcast from following World War II?
What letter remains distinct?
Who does the Board of Trustees delegate it's power to?
When did epinephrine stop being available in the United States?
What is still not publicly known?
UNFPA groups what area in the same geographic region as the Arab States?
Where in Ohio?
What church recently consecrated an openly gay bishop?
who played crazy eyes in orange is the new black
What minority sector of the poulation in New Haven is currently experiencing rapid growth?
How many tourists come to Miami each year?
Does Gen. Ray Odierno see improvement in security and governance in Iraq?
The fictional detective, Nero Wolfe, is described as fond of solving what kind of puzzle in the London Times newspaper?
who has the most sub on youtube 2018
What are Iraqis hoping for?
What is the mayer's name?
record for most rebounds in an nba game
When did she meet Bob Hope?
What did Nicholas Kaldor say Hayek brought to macroeconomics?
What website does Sony have complaints against?
Which country is Obama president of?
What was the weekend's number one film?
Where did the plan landed?
What does Madoff face?
What bacteria did he treat first?
Panter Hudspith refurbished a 14th-century foodstore into what?
when was the old 7 mile bridge built
when was the capital of nigeria moved to abuja
What were Apple support staff initially instructed not to assist with concerning malware?
What height is the tower?
Where did the canal that once terminated in Kathmandu originate?
Who is the feud between?
What is not for the timid traveler?
who was england 's prime minister during ww1
What country is applauded for finding ways to improve health care?
What kind of accent can mark stress?
What is his nickname?
what finger do u put a wedding ring on
What event will Clinton be attending?
what caused the deaths
when was around the world in 80 days published
Where was the jewel mined?
What is Jolly Joe?
who plays uncle andy in give my head peace
What was the name of the American observer?
Who was named the 2009 peace prize winner on Friday?
first how many performers play on each of the four parts comprising a string quartet
What did the mayor say?
Tribes of Slavs were invading what provinces of the Eastern Empire?
in 1804 the french colony of achieved independence
Where was Thursday's plane crash?
the total amount of current assets minus current liabilities
when was the daughters of the american revolution founded
What did the city provide during the Great Depression?
who won the amazing race asia season 5
where does spaz live in the last book in the universe
What is the name of the big rowing races?
What is growing?
How much of Brasilia's GDP is from Public Administration?
What causes Streptococci?
who did boteach speak to
What broke down election year concepts for students?
What animal aids in the hunting?
who has scored the most goals in football world cup
What caused child labour to decrease in Vietnam?
About how many people are members of the various parade groups?
brazil declared it 's independence from portugal in what year
Who does Robinson replace?
What was the first, hidden game included with the original iPod?
What is the purpose of a pesticide?
What was confiscated in the raid?
What part of 2012 was to have seen Phase I of Miami Central Station begin?
where did the oregon trail start and finish
where was the base located
who founded the national woman 's suffrage association
What has White House received?
Who is the CEO of LG Electonics?
who directed the movie mash and what year was it released
where was lost in space tv show filmed
How can symptoms be prevented?
what happened in the september violence
in which book is scheherazade a story teller
What was the date of the crash?
a list of all possible outcomes of an experiment is called ​
who has to ratify a treaty made by the president
when are elections for the house of representatives held
the term factor market applies to the market for
Crew attempted to raise gear and reset flaps before what?
What is the non-native varmint of Louisiana?
Who are third in the table?
where does the last name boren come from
where was the commonwealth games held in 2002
Whate are small brushes favorable for?
Where did a Muslim insurgency take place in 1995?
Who won the last race of the European Grand Prix in 2012?
when does the new jeremy clarkson show start
who will appear before tueasday
What restricted the 1870s Child labour in Australia?
What did justices say?
Where have been no injuries?
How did the Sumerians build their strong domes?
Who is Monica Alcota as described by others, what are her qualities?
Who allegedly refused to come on?
What was another goal of the invasion of Saxony?
Who plays a rogue cop who finds self in awkward position?
who has more major trophies united or liverpool
What type of radio stations abound in Seattle?
Whar speed did the rain fall?
who wrote take it to the limit by the eagles
Where was the incident in question?
when did michael jackson make the song hold my hand
development where war?
who played lois lane in the original superman movie
where does be there or be square come from
give the name and formula for the acid derived from the following anion chlorite
Who was Seattle's , and the nation's, first female mayor?
when did poland become part of the eu
who has the most total points in nba history
According to Miss Maudie, which bird is never harmful?
will the ambassador stay in belgrade
who wrote the original song red red wine
What is the main railway station 
What organization is the Institute of Russian Language part of?
Who denied he was a pedophile?
What team does Tom Brady play for?
What does Mashable suggest?
who plays peter parker in the amazing spider-man
Who proposed to have a 10-month freeze?
How old was Roncalli when elected pope?
what film  is playing as an outright family affair
What are the two most considerable sources of renewable energy in Portugal?
Who wants a clean bill only funding veterens programmes?
Who won the war?
Who handled distribution in the other region?
where is amazon basin located on a map
What is the proper name for textual scholarship?
what happens at the end of fox and hound
who sings how far it goes at the end of moana
How many restaurants in the western style were present in Kathmandu circa 1955?
what is the currency in trinidad and tobago
Which 2000 presidential candidate was a former US Senator from Tennessee?
What did Stewart David Nozette do?
What is yarding in relation to the pultry industry?
Who asked "What explains why Americans watch sports so intently?"?
where was the watcher in the woods filmed
what amount  would go toward smoking cessation programs?
who wrote victorious by panic at the disco
Which group was accused by the ECHR of having an overly constricted idea of the meaning of destruction in defining genocide?
What was the topic of Screened Out?
where does the light between the oceans take place
Where was the soldier stationed?
name the president of china who will serve a second five year term this time
Which country were Ethiopian troops occupying?
who is the girl on the falling in reverse album just like you
who played rum tum tugger in the movie cats
Aaron Vargas is standing trial for the murder of whom
What does Rep. Jason Chaffetz talk about?
How many people were aboard Air France 447?
who was  was China's president from 1993 to 2003?
How do annelids withdraw from danger?
cells attracted to the site of infection by il-8 are
who is mulder 's father on the x files
what are seven deadly sins in the bible
what does Iran need to restore?
What position does Dummett take?
stranger things season 2 episode 1 release time
What targeted Televisa, a CNN affiliate?
When was Queen Victoria named the Empress of India? 
What present-day country is Avicenna's father thought to have come from?
What percentage of those elected from 1868 to 1876 were Freemen?
who is the regulator of money market in india
Who would succeed Ivashko as the chairman of Parliament?
When did Ancilla die?
what is the prize for winning ireland 's got talent
who is mantevedere
What economic element did Nasser try to encourage with bank loans?
Who resolved the problem of adequate axiomatization of set theory?
who played patty in diary of a wimpy kid
Who is Pamlea Stephenson married to?
when did rudolph the red-nosed reindeer movie come out
girl who played christine in phantom of the opera
What did Darwin do to show that he admired the cleric Charles Kingsley? 
when was super mario bros released in north america
who voiced the beast in beauty and the beast 2017
Where is West scheduled to appear?
In what year did the CBS Corporation begin another CBS Records?
where was a night at the roxbury filmed
What is a notable legal case involving open source and IBM?
What is promised to be the most thorough investigation?
who gave women 's right to vote first in us
Who is the North Carolina state capital named for?
What event led to an increase in tourism in 2009?
who played the female lead role in the 1952 film ' 5 fingers '
when did Hundreds of Christians pack Church of the Nativity
Who was the President of the United States in 1967?
The masters who built the floor in the synagogue at Bet She'an also constructed what other mosaic?
who was nominated first woman for rajya sabha
What is the wait time people were willing to do to fill up containers, etc?
What was occasionally visible in grander buildings?
What is another word for Qadi?
What does Cooper say is the first  Cubist picture? 
How many are dead?
How many tonnes of fish were reported caught in 2000-01?
what are the clouds in the milky way
Who blames drug cartels and regional tribes?
Which scholars made great advances in the theories of motion?
When did the English conquer the New Netherland colony?
when did great adventure in jackson nj open
who is i need money from how high
when did coventry become part of west midlands
who is woody from toy story based on
What material doesn't easily wrinkle?
What did George Soros do?
When did the second ruler of North Korea pass away?
why is there a moon on the outhouse door
what did Royal Dutch Shell say
who plays wednesday in the addams family movie
when did the first godzilla movie come out in japan
the process by which water circulates from the oceans to the land masses is known as
What principle is it based on?
What is All India Radio?
To where are the loyal sons in "Notre Dame Fight Song" marching?
who was the first black man to play in the nhl
When was Nanjing announced as the host city for the 2nd Summer Youth Olympic Games?
During daytime how high can the temperatures reach?
Along with institutions, this type of corruption can discredit what?
What was a new anaesthetic being used for childbirth in Victoria's time?
What will an employer often use for information?
when did the allied occupation of japan end
how many episodes in game of theones season 1
What is consumed in excessive amounts during Lent?
eliminated contestants of khatron ke khiladi season 8
where are oranges mostly grown in the world
What is the phenomenon where an organism looks like another species called?
Who defeated Nicholas's second counter strike at the Battle of Balaclava?
what did  Dario Franchitti say
How much of DEI's energy output is from natural gas?
What number of these iPhone 4s will be made?
How many people died when the dam burst in Jakarta?
When did a large number of Sephardic Jews settle in Paris?
What did Argentina's president say?
Who did of an overdose?
when does sea of thieves come out for pc
Science, Technology, energy, and math industries have risen what percent since 2001?
On what date did the Government of National Defence declare the the Third Republic in Paris?
what does dc stand for in washigton dc
Which president spoke to the students?
Of what is yoga a part  in Indian philosophy?
what is the holy book of jewish called
What type of music was associated with Einstürzende Neubauten?
Nadiya Hussain, a Times Magazine column writer, is known for being the winner of what BBC contest?
Who publishes the Northwestern Journal of Technology and Intellectual Property?
when did the suite life of zack and cody come out
where is puerto rico located on the world map
What does Ghode mean?
who plays brian cassidy on law and order svu
what kind of games are they
what did the missouri compromise primarily state about the institution of slavery
how hard is graphite on the mohs scale
Sahil Saeed is of what descent?
How many pounds does one of Schwarzenegger's Hummers weigh?
Along with uranyl formate, what product of uranium is used in transmission electron microscopy?
who voiced buzz lightyear in toy story 2
who headed the indian army during the bangladesh liberation war 1971
how many animal species are there in the philippines
Who called the move "a striking blow to due process and the rule of law"?
What Desert is shared between South Africa and Botswana?
When did the show first go on air?
When was the body found?
Which type of pesticides have seen rapid growth in development?
where does the movie son in law take place
What categories do works that would normally be considered infringing fall into?
Who missed the hearing?
Which Street is also known as Police Officer Anthony Sanchez Way?
When was the Premier League originally formed?
What did Obama call Clinton?
Which "yer"s were vocalized as vowels?
when did the berlin wall start to come down
who played sir robin in the holy grail
who has been eliminated from big brother 20
What was attacked in Mangishlak?
where did he grow up
Which political party thinks the government should be more active in solving this issue?
who doesn't remember the shooting?
Any other clients?
When did the COM status for St. Barts take effect?
Where was the man arrested?
What stadium do the New York Jets call home?
What can lateral gene transfer create in bacteria?
How many survivors were found?
What was Jackson offered in Bahrain?
The inspiration oracular-cult was probably introduced from where?
when does a session of the supreme court begin and end
Who killed another Taliban leader?
who said electrons occupy specific energy levels or shells
Which member appears in the video?
What Democracy Score does Armenia have?
Who describes Delphi and Dodona as frenzied women?
How long did the match take?
What must be decompressed? 
What happens to the natural carcidan cycle when light-dark patterns are disrupted?
What made the bodies impossible to identify?
failure of the ovaries to release a mature ovum at the time of ovulation is called
What day was the biggest U.S. online shopping day ever?
Who died in the shootings?
Which subject was only studied by boys with sufficient ability?
Who requested the order?
who has the highest goals in world football
Greece is ranked as what member of ESA?
Who was Marwan I related to?
What is important to note about where the tags are stored?
who was the first person to suggest that light is an electromagnetic wave
Name three approaches software testers take when testing their software?
What was Schwarzenegger's father's first name?
What was the design for low cost data encryption named?
Members of which two Haredi Jewish sects continue to marry exclusively within the Ashkenazi Jewish population?
What man is credited with the emergence of the German nation?
The packet schooner St Helena brought supplies of what to the island?
the program the kraft music hall is an example of
what size is the airport
IBM has towers in which cities?
what do the stripes on the u.s. flag represent
What is the rapper's name?
what is the name of the stadium where the carolina panthers play
where would the greatest resistance to airflow be found
when did the old version of fortnite come out
Who is educating women?
What type of imbalances have increased as a result of the instability?
what is the name of our national anthem
Who founded the team?
How many countries did her song "Irreplaceable" get number one status in?
when does the 2017 tax plan take effect
who plays the old lady rose in titanic
What happened to presidential plane's flight?
when did hurricane maria make land fall on puerto rico
when was the constitution of united states signed
Who is at most risk?
when does i can only imagine movie start
In 1941, where did representatives of the government and military meet with German officials?
What kind of tube are the movie theaters lights enclosed in?
what does an upward arrow mean in math
what was the full name of the godfather
who wrote wake me up when its all over
who wrote song take me out to the ballgame
when was the last time uga played in the sec championship
when did the practice of giving up something for lent begin
who is the longest reigning wwe women 's champion
What was used to make hot sauce?
In what time period did Kanye begin producing?
The Byzantine emperor, the king of Jerusalem and the Latin Church came together in what year to redecorate the Church of the Holy Sepulchre?
when was rudolph the red nosed reindeer made
when was the first school started in india
who dies in percy jackson the titan 's curse
where is the new england patriots stadium located
What did the groups present to the Pentagon?
What is the island nation?
what is indiana jones looking for in raiders of the lost ark
where does the grand river start in michigan
What are Researchers in South Florida doing to the bears?
who won the women 's doubles at wimbledon 2017
When did the CBC announce service would be discontinued to analogue transmitters?
What was recovered?
What was IBM criticised for?
what is a hat with a ball on top called
How did the construction of the new residential complex at Washington University affect the student population?
who plays kyle in the following season 3
What group elects the club president?
When did Vote for the Girls start?
The British Architectural Library is the biggest library of its kind in which continent?
Where are these ideas located in the Federalist Papers?
where is the continental divide in new mexico
list of how to train your dragon movies
where was the tower of babel located in the bible
who discovered the first skull of a fossil ape on rusinga island
What noted artist and writer made brought Daredevil to the forefront during the 1980s?
what do women love
who sings take it all back just to have you
During what decade did food become an important aspect of a pub's business?
What was London's original name, as founded by the Romans?
What is William Mitchell's alleged crime?
When did the Bamako Initiative begin?
who has won the most tournaments in golf
Where did the man who ended his life come from?
How did Pitt's strategy affect Britain's future plans?
Where are most of the trees located in Mexico City?
What do the costumes worn by the revelers pun about?
What was the movie based on?
where does the movie sling blade take place
Who missed IPL season?
when did the lead singer of joy division die
What element was red associated with in Chinese philosophy?
What state's officials hoped to prevent lost jobs?
who is the current chief minister of uttar pradesh
name any indian who has secured as a judge of international court of justice
In which hemisphere is it the poorest country?
What is thought of to spiritually cut one off from the Church even before excommunication?
How many vets participated in the protest?
According to Hayek, people are free to do what within the rule of law?
What does the boy say?
how strong of an earthquake to feel it
What did Valerian's second edict call the Christians' presence in the empire?
when did villanova win the national basketball championship
Historians estimate how much of magnates make up szlachta?
What is the U.S army using for soldiers' cultural and sensitivity training?
What is the name of the series?
What was held in conjunction with the expo?
who planted the bomb
When did Stephen Fossett go missing?
who played the original jason on general hospital
What is debate over?
What is the temperature of the river?
who was the prussian veteran that trained american troops at valley forge
who are protesters loyal to?
Of waht was Torres-Puello accused in Dominican Rebulic?
How many adults are expected to compete in the 2009 World Yo-Yo Contest?
Who were the original affluent society?
Who did Raskin immediately hire to help him on the Apple project in 1979?
who wrote heaven 's gate fall out boy
Who must Link fight at the end of a dungeon level?
When was the position of prime minister finally formalized?
Who wanted the CIA to have a central group that organized information for him?
who plays minna davis in the last tycoon
Most experts can at least agree that the earliest pre-modern human migration took place when?
when does michael and holly get back together
What mountains did the Australian battalions fight a rearguard action over on the Kokoda Track?
What does Article 4, Section 4 guarantee?
Where is the memorial to be held?
what did they announce
Where is the Midwest Regional Medical Center?
Residents have long complained that which company was polluting the land?
How many districts are the 15 counties of liberia divided into?
What country would refuse support if Frederick wen to war for Saxony and west Prussia?
Some players use a what, whilst  others are ambulatory?
What did Tuvalu call for from other nations concerning reduction of carbon emissions?
who played too tall in we were soldiers
where do the blue jays play spring training
Who has complete special coverage of the Haiti earthquake?
A coreless DC motor is distinguished by what?
what was the title of the first james bond movie
What is most of the research into sociological culture ?
who plays jason in friday the 13th 1980
Wendell Potter is a former vice president at what?
At which school were all the teachers sacked
what has louisiana done
What role does got serve in a sexual intercourse?
when did puerto rico gain their independence from spain
How long did it take for Sevastopol to fall?
What does the superscript m represent?
How much did China National Petroleum Corp and Sinopec donate?
who wrote the theme to the andy griffith show
where is the ring of fire volcanoes located
What Soviet leader did Nasser spar with?
What is the value of the puppy?
what did judge order Google to reveal
What did the Ministers urge?
What award was My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy omitted from?
Where will the footage be uploaded daily
Why is Iranian cuisine so diverse besides being influenced by other cultures?
What age is Stuart MacGill?
Which northern town did troops regain control of?
What organization does the FBI prosecute violations of the United States Civil Rights Act with?
In what country was the earliest chemical evidence of barley beer found?
What is a pub tied to in the 19th century?
how many tribes are credited with the creation of the modern day germans?
Why does inert gas reduce efficiency?
Who are not exempt from the disease?
agents of shield character played by chloe bennet
How many coins bearing Cleopatra's image have been found so far?
Who is Sean Penn?
Why isn't the southwest Spanish speaking?
East 1st Street begins just North of East Houston Street at Avenue A and continues to where?
Where doeas Argentina rank in mortality?
Where did the May 7 show take place?
when was first post office started in india
Who faced violence and discrimination in south africa?
What did Benjamin Netanyahu sign?
what is he unable to reach in agreement?
How much is the budget?
What was located on the site that is now the Queen's Gallery?
When does Raleigh experience hurricanes?
who is the chief justice of the united states supreme court
where was the second half of the revolutionary war fought
Who praised Musharraf for his contribution to "war on terror"?
How many county-level divisions of Zhejiang are there?
how many athletes does great britain have in the 2018 olympics
How many people did the company employ in 1943?
what does it mean when a professor grades on a curve
What agreement ended the Yemeni civil war?
Was CBC one of the first or last stations to adopt a 24 hour schedule?
What does the country have?
when was the minute hand added to clocks
What has been banned from Craigslist?
What crime did Michael Ratley commit?
What are the periods in a football match called?
when was the song band on the run released
What are "User Protected Options" on DVDs?
Who asked Biden Biden how Sen. Barack Obama's polices aren't Marxist?
Why might Sony have reduced the number of ports on the PlayStation 3 before production?
india won first women 's kabaddi world cup
How many were charged with murder
Which two Spaniards aided this colonization and started the first catholic church?
When do tourists come?
where did the washington wizards name come from
when does monsoon season start in pakistan 2017
How many videos per day were streamed as of January 2012?
when did power rangers in space come out
The tabs on the user interface were called what?
When did the Russo-Persian War begin?
When would they be paid by?
What has been closed since September 11, 2001?
What type of computing is the combined effort of EMC and Dell slated to address?
for helical gear the helix angle generally ranges from
What could florida's turnaround have a major impact on?
what is the compulsory super rate in australia
What are examples of finite symmetry groups used in coding theory?
when did the outsiders first appear on wcw
How old was Athanasius when he was chosen as Patriarch?
What is milk diluted with?
between 1638 and 1648 what street was EIC headquarters on?
What is the trial seeking to overturn?
When did Donal Murray resign?
Who was Syria's president in 2014?
Buddhism may have spread quickly because of what Mauryan emperor?
when was the last star added to the united states flag
Are they still married?
who composed the song sare jahan se achha hindustan hamara
Who got lots of attention for his embarrassing throw?
Which airline is without service?
Is the immersion etching process long or short compared to other production methods?
About what did the Shell executive boast in relation to the leaked communication?
What is Miami's street plan called?
What illness does Kerstin have?
who wrote the soundtrack for la la land
What is the name of the activity of explaining what Quranic verses mean?
who played the president in the day after tomorrow
What do troops get during the game instead of Super Bowl commercials?
who is credited with creating the tv game show jeopardy
How much did Zocor reduce the chance of dying from a heart attack?
who played andy travis on wkrp in cincinnati
What did Medina's friends and family talk about?
Left untreated, about how many people could contract tuberculosis from an active TB patient in a year?
most rain in one day in the world
What is the main fighter's weight?
Op. 74 is made up of how many Polish songs?
How many days did the plane travel?
who is heading the indian army during the bangladesh liberation war
who was the pilot that landed in the hudson
who is adam gilchrist?
who sang the original swing low sweet chariot
all state legislatures throughout the united states are bicameral except this state
What was the nickname of Edward III's son Edward?
How many people were on board the plane?
Charges were dropped against which professor?
Where was the computer found?
What does the budget pass by?
how to say to the power of 4
where does the last name marcano come from
What countries were the planes used in?
When were subway workers set to go on strike?
which type of plea is most similar to a guilty plea
What is the name of the airport serving Chattanooga, TN?
Which town became the regional transport hub in 1878?
when is the game of thrones season 7 premier
how many people died
What state did Nixon carry that many Republicans could not?
relation between fact table and dimension table in star schema
Did all seven teenagers plead not guilty?
what is bertha
what did the copyright act of 1909 mandate
All but what type of children must learn to clean?
who sings the nfl sunday night theme song
who plays the fox in the lion the witch and the wardrobe
what does the us government warn against?
Which of the 5 powers were beginning to stagnate in early 20th century?
What is Antarctica's average temperature during the coldest part of the year?
Why were the canneries ultimately closed by the early 1980s?
When was her husband killed?
what is soyus caplsule
When did the idea of a "consumer society" begin? 
who said damn the torpedoes full steam ahead
How many of the industrial jobs in the county were based in Mexico City in the late 20th century?
where did the revolt of 1857 break out first
In the nominative, genitive, partitive, illative, inessive, elative, allative, adessive, ablative, translative cases what always agrees with the noun in number and case?
What did military rockets hit?
What is the classification of IMS?
what is the source of the river niger
What would the grant allow the IJM to do 
who played betty in some mothers do have them
who sings i can buy me a boat
What age are Quinceañeras celebrated at?
when does belle die in once upon a time
what is the mlb home run record in a season
who came up with the d day invasion
what are the words on the front of the great seal of the united states
where is area code 319 located in the united states
why do they call easter island easter island
when did the indian warfare on the texas frontier end
Who was the first person to bring all of Greece together?
For what reason did the father call the cops?
In 1750 how many regular troops did the  EIC  have? 
when did stan lee write the black panther
Anne Freud and Edward Glover said London civilians did not suffer from what?
How long were Schwarzenegger and Shriver married?
who lost their daughter in an accident?
When did Potts hijack the plane?
Where are the Comoros Islands?
who needs to know about the jet stream
What percentage of children ages 8-14 could read and write Spanish?
What record was set in 2005?
What was the heroism against?
who was the first woman to became the prime minister of a country
which is the fastest running train in india
What did the beginning of the 18th century mark the beginning of in Europe? 
what happens if convicted
What did Beth McKay say?
What year did Cixi die?
where is the url of a website located
What did Shell announce in April 2010?
how many students were injured
When was the IFAB's decision on the fixed size of the pitch become implemented? 
What operation did Bill Clinton start to retaliate for the 1998 embassy attacks?
when did the tax year change in ireland
Strepsiptera and Diptera are controversial what?
What symbol set has the property of being intentionally unequivocal?
According to the U.N., how many civilians are trapped?
Opponents of the leader are doing what?
Who did the militants kill?
What was the name of the nomad tribes that hunted bison?
What did Ndesandjos say in China?
How many books can this quote be found?
where do they get the hair from for a hair transplant
who played hamlet lear and macbeth for the first time
What was the title of Deep Purple's 1980s reunion album?
who plays kevin 's wife on this is us
What were the alphabets of Southeast Asia?
How often is The Northwestern Interdisciplinary Law Review published?
where is the boy from?
Street vendors might sell their goods in official places as well as where?
What title did Complex award Beyoncé?
who has the rights to thursday night football
When was the post-punk revival in British and American cultures?
Where did the fighting take place that rendered Soviet air support useless to the Chinese?
What is the best way to catch fireflies?
gifts of the holy spirit in 1 corinthians 12
When was Daniel born?
What would an idea shared by virtually all human cultures be considered?
Who discovered carbon dioxide or fixed air?
Where is the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame?
Who directed "The White Ribbon"?
where does the last name fleming originate from
who is the lead singer of the sweet
What country's government served as a model for the United States Government?
What countrys assistance helped Radio Mogadishu modernize?
Ho many more times would the cost be if the problem is found after the software's release?
when did mcdonald 's first start serving breakfast
What would make the law unnecessary?
who arrived at Princeton in 1972 in fourth co-ed class?
When did Taiwanese Hokkien have a fast change in development?
who sang the song year of the cat
What did the British get a license to build?
What was the name of the biography she wrote?
when did the polynesians first arrived in new zealand
What percentage of the food served at Notre Dame is locally grown?
when will Steven Bradbury be cleared?
What part of a polychaete can be everted?
when did voyager 2 leave our solar system
What do some commentators claim the irony of policies resulting from affirmative action is?
Where did they play for enthusiastic crowd?
What part of his work did Von Neumann consider to be his most important?
who sang my heart beats like a drum
what is the highest level in boy scouts
Who is the interim president?
What did Abbas say
How many more bodies were unearthed?
What is Madonna's thirteenth album called?
Carriers plan to assist in what?
nissl 's granules are present in which part of neuron
who was found shot
what was the primary task of the committees of correspondence
who played larry 's mother on leave it to beaver
What should you steer clear of?
How many hospitals does it manage?
What is the shrine called?
The storm has sustained winds of what speed?
Are the Zetas dangerous?
Who designs shoes at TOMS?
Who changed their mind about retirement?
Who developed the Carolingian minuscule script for handwriting?
when did the beaver appear on the nickel
who is working overtime to handle deliveries?
What does Michelle Obama urge young people to do now?
How were the rulers of social class picked to be representatives in the now traditionally Arabic speaking part of the world and in Northern Africa ?
what did the fbi say
Who said she cannot be released on home confinement?
what is the highest point on vancouver island
What is his new film called?
When did Imperial abandon their science park program?
What occupation did David Jones have?
where does the last of us take place
What a capella group is credited for being one of the earliest to adapt instrumental emulation?
Four people were killed by who?
Where will the shuttle visit?
How much a  Myanmar's boundaries are encompassed by beachfront lands?
what is the bible verse for the ten commandments
who hosted a contest
Who invited the kids?
what was the purpose of the student nonviolent coordinating committee
who buy a ticket?
what is a gift of the holy spirit
Who were the cabinet members?
What captured images of the two suspects?
where is murtala muhammed airport located in lagos
who introduced the flexible film to the market
who won the ncaa men 's basketball tournament 2018
Who was he jailed in Japan?
What is the name of the rapist?
What was the average amount of deer skins  that Charles Town exported to Europe between 1699 to 1715? 
when a person determines how much control the stressor has over them it is known as
who wrote the theme to the odd couple
Which technology is primarily responsible for helping keep food fresh?
when did front wheel drive cars come out
How many carats was the stone?
what does the author of the mortal female focused early example hexameter poetry say of the Hellenic protector ?
What show is Locke co-hosting?
when is the dragon ball super episode 107 coming out
where was this event
Where does the Mexico City Philharmonic perform?
What companies are closing after bankruptcy filings?
What Marvel hero is related to a tiny insect?
What show were his songs on?
when does joey return to days of our lives
What had Avicenna memorized by the age of 10?
What is the consequence of the number and geographic location ascribed to a race highly dependent on?
when does the school year start in korea
Group's leader awaits trial on murder and conspiracy charges
what phenotype is associated with the genotype 47 xxy
who sings for audrey in my fair lady
In the early days who represented party leadership?
Where did the strike take place?
every morning in africa a gazelle wakes up author
How did later Christians view Gladiatorial combats?
who passe daway
who wrote the book the indian war of independence
What is the aim of NARA in entering public-private partnerships?
How many troops did the US initially send to the Philippines?
What did spokesman tell reporters?
major league baseball most wins in a season
What was his intention?
In what way did the Ban cause problems?
The measures were in retaliation for what?
after the united states acquired utah who was named governor
who has the longest winning streak in college football
who was the reigning monarch on christmas day c1760
when did the first blackberry phone come out
who won the 2002 world cup in japan
11th Street and 6th Avenue was the home of what tavern from the 1700s?
What was the family initially told?
What did Bob Greene say?
How many ships were attacked?
Who is Mark Penn?
Who attacked the port after the attack outside of Odessa harbor?
was he arrested
Where did the attack occur?
who wrote the original you were always on my mind
Where was Blue Ivy born?
where did most of the fighting take place during ww1
On which day does Eastern Market attract the most visitors?
who is playing rachel in sana dalawa ang puso
In what century was Southampton Castle built?
What killed the deliveryman?
who sang the song you belong to me
what did hillary clinton says?
What does the facility in Minnesota say?
How much more energy does Neptune radiate than it receives? 
when was the first personal computer made available
What is a feature characteristic of birds?
Who discovered an association between the value E and quantum energy?
What did Thailand' PM abhisit say?
when did second world war started and ended
what foreign policy did the us institute to stop the spread of communism
who won the gold medal in badminton in 2018
Where did the oldest Portuguese university relocate to?
How many were arrested on suspicion of involvement in hotel blast?
who had the idea of the trojan horse
The United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change was supplemented by what protocol?
where do the bluths live in arrested development
What does the Taliban's code of conduct limit?
For what charge was Brown arrested?
when does batman gotham by gaslight come out
connecticut diner claims creation of what food
what is the meaning of steady state theory
What year was Melbourne officially declared a city?
What town was hit by the tornado?
who sings money money money on the apprentice
What tablet does Merlin use?
Who was the long-serving president of the FA cup?
What was screened?
Why did Shell sell some of its assets in March 2010?
Who should accept apologies?
who won the world series the most times
who had the worst record in mlb history
What are islanders being encouraged to do?
Which African-American woman before Beyonce had posed for SI Swimsuit issue?
What gear ration creates 78.26 rpm?
who has won the most super bowl championships
Who is Reese's boyfriend?
when did latvia become part of the soviet union
What do Twitter and Facebook users react too?
In what category could files without digital rights management be found on the iTunes store?
Where did the interview take place?
Who transferred the Chechen-Ingush Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic in 1957?
What kind of service are police?
Vibrations are used to communicate with members of the same species, and what other species?
What kinds of ads do the troops see during the games?
How much was the bond for that was to be used to purchase land for a Convention Center?
What is Inside Africa reporting on?
Several dozen teams can deploy individually in small sections when what is handled by a specialist?
What percentage of  net profits did Landis get?
who played the mean old lion in the wiz
What was moderate?
where are the two major regions where dense water masses are created
Who ruled Nri?
What is the name of the director?
How many international airports are in Israel?
when did the highwaymen perform at the nassau coliseum
How much was the settlement GlaxoSmithKline agree to?
who won the 96000 in in the heights
the magna carta only gave rights to free people . who was not free in medieval england
Technology injects new life into what type of medium?
when does the new my hero academia movie come out
who plays tom riddle in harry potter and the half blood prince
when does the movie mark felt come out
What did Maura tell her proffesor?
What amount is lost each day by the government?
When was the Taula de Canvi bankrupted?
What is the Congo's rank among other oil generating nations in the Gulf of Guinea?
How many mafia style gangs are the city fighting?
How many nations submitted foreign language films for consideration?
who has won the english football league the most times
What was the name of the different governments forming in Ancient Greece?
What charges is Bennett facing?
Which coach quit?
How many distinctions in stops do languages like Bengali and Hindi have?
when did china become the people 's republic of china
When was the Icehotel first established?
where is downton abbey supposed to take place
What did the Circulair Savary introduce?
when does the remake of dirty dancing come out
north korean crew recaptured what
if uranium-238 undergoes alpha decay the daughter nucleus will be
What was Hassan's former position?
who plays mr crouse on the good wife
What Kings rise did the county play part in 
this is often referred to as horseness or difficulty speaking
what is the third level of government in australia
who chooses man of the match in football
What market did Dell ignore at first?
What was the rapper's real name?
What must the army do?
who plays the voice of edna in the incredibles
How much does the Swiss autoroute network charge for a toll sticker to use Swiss roadways for a year?
Who is attending the 65th anniversary services in France Saturday?
what hotel was the shooting at in vegas
What was a hot commodity in the civil war
Who rated BYU as the #1 safest college campus in the nation?
when was the fall of the house of usher written
Consent to a treaty will not be invalidated if what should have been evident?
At which airport does this usually occur?
Who bought the rights to the show?
the heat death of the universe is a theoretical time in the future when the universe is supposed to
who sang the song let it go in the movie frozen
how many games did the vikings win last year
Who thanked the UN?
Which institution houses the Level-One trauma center?
For what did Brahmins use Sanskrit?
Don Statton, former resident, said what when asked?
where did the battle of fredericksburg take place
What disease is being researched?
What has also boomed?
What do the Kurents try to banish?
Before the Muslim invasions, what did previous invaders do in the local cultures?
What are polytechnics called in South Africa?
who sings send in the clowns in a little night music
who played young hannah in a dog 's purpose
when did fist of the north star come out
How many were slain?
during which literary periods did phillis wheatley publish a book of poems
how much does the mortality rate range?
What did he seek $54 million for?
How long does Tucson's monsoon last?
What is wrong with the building?
Where did the pilot sleep?
who sings in moana how far i 'll go
where did the attack on fort sumter take place
At the time of the Han dynasty where would one fine the color Red?
What ws he known by in the Turkish community?
What was Syrian protester's father when she was a girl?
Some Arctic breeds are more like what wolf rather than the gray wolf?
Who took control when Doson died?
where is samoa located in the world map
where did the line bye felicia come from
When did much of the spread of Protestantism occur in the 20th century?
who was the man who tightroped across the twin towers
what did murray give jackson?
who sang the song one toke over the line sweet jesus
Who downplays development?
was the most famous female orator of the farmer 's alliance and populist party in the late 1800s
Capitalization in English is universally standardized for which type of writing?
What was Somer in on the day of her disappearance?
when is the newest star wars coming out
when did reese 's peanut butter cups first come out
Evelyn S. Rawski claims that Ming's relationship with Tibetan prelates ended during who's reign?
what is Nancy Grace's debut novel?
where does the airflow into a convector heater
How many people watched the season 14 finale?
What are Nanjing and Beijing?
process of removing an element from stack is called
What is on the background of the image which can be used as a scale to represent the size of the mechanism?
What is Tatiana Khan guilty?
What opinions do Croatian Nationalists have on the language issue?
Where did Michael Jackson suffer cardiac arrest?
where was john carpenter 's the thing filmed
Who spoke of the tensions between Ashton and Demi?
which part of the plant is sugar beet
Who was a notable scholastic thinker?
who seeks to end violence?
What was depicted on the banners of Christians in the First crusade?
How many tourist visas were granted in 2003?
What sport figure apologized
where do tornadoes happen most in the world
What attempt was this?
If a statute is unconstitutional, how is it removed?
who plays mac on young and the restless
Who is giving an opinion?
Things that are less serious disputes are what?
By how much did the MoD go over its equipment budget?
who played in the movie the sixth sense
who is honored in five categories?
when did the middle ages end in england
What does Clinton claim?
What is the percent of today's workforce?
Who is a searched launched for?
What did Williams say about ESPN?
who won the women 's royal rumble at wrestlemania
who played the blue fairy in once upon a time
When was federalism put into place? 
real name of meghna in ek shringaar swabhiman
What was his age?
where does the bulk of sugar beets mass come from
What hapend in the early 19th century
who sings national anthem at red wings games
who decides who is the next king of england
who is pat from wheel of fortune married to
What was the first Dutch Bible translation called?
What percentage of the US population suffers from SAD?
what year did the first xbox come out
What is being certified on Thursday?
Teams for what sport can be found congregating at pubs?
What is Adam Tavss involved in?
who starred in the most carry on movies
who starred in the original movie the beguiled
what are the dragon ball z series in order
Who defeated Sweden?
What is likely to entirely replace gun systems?
How big was the population of the Aztec cit of Tenochtitlan?
What was the first manufactured fiber?
How many acres of land did Augustus Chapman Allen and John Kirby Allen purchase in 1836?
What was the amount of children murdered?
Under whom did the 19th century rebulding occur?
What is the statue called?
For which industry were elevators first used?
where was the movie return to peyton place filmed
when did the 1/2p go out of circulation
What percentage have discussions of race in the context of medical disorders increased from zero to?
who wrote maybe its time star is born
where does the vatican get its money from
Who tries to keep a low profile?
What has risen in the last 15 years?
How many days did Nasser attend classes in his senior year?
when was the first winnie the pooh movie made
where does the time zone change in northern indiana
In what country was Freemaonry particularly prevalent?
Whom did India elect president?
How many CDs had been distrubuted worldwide by 2007?
what is the story the song of roland about
In what year did the jacobite rising fail?
who was the king after bharata in mahabharata
Who are the three scientists that claimed to have reached conclusions similar to Mendel's?
what 's the dog 's name on the little rascals
What singer criticized Carrie Underwood for winning a Country Music Award? 
What nationalities was Chinn?
Where does the Constitutional Council meet?
What does the man admit to?
what episode is the fight between ichigo and ulquiorra
Name the 8 peopl who began the movement
What state-run VTV says of Ramos condition?
When did the Meymandi Theater open?
when did kobe bryant retire from the lakers
Outside England, what other country does the legal system founded around the Inns of Court operate in?
What does sunyata mean?
where does a nuclear bomb get its energy from
when did this season of the voice start
What was federalism and confederalism common meaning in the 18th century? 
What is the name of the Russian Prime Minister?
What was Sam Warburton sent off for?
show about what if germany won the war
which chess piece holds the least value on a chess board
what Lillo Brancato Jr. played?
the channel which separates rameshwaram dwip from indian main land
How many independent art colleges exist in the United Kingdom?
What was Rompuy appointed to?
What years did the Rinpungpa regime start and end?
What is kims age?
What does vastenavond mean?
What did the V-12 program provide to interested pupils?
what did the atm show
Why were they striking?
How many imported Chinese laborers were there at the peak of importation?
What are some of the minor sports in the United Kingdom?
who is the second most followed person on instagram
What did Egypt's attorney general do about Mubarak's assets?
When did St. Louis Medical college affiliate itself with Washington University?
Four Iraqi detainees were killed by whom?
What is the highest peak in Antarctica?
britain and france declare war on germany when
Which probe is continuing?
Who later ordered the pirates released?
Most of the Ashkenazi Jews moved away from Europe either immigrating to North America, or other English speaking areas but most to which place?
When did Simon Cowell announce he was no longer going to be a judge?
Who promotes the use of racially categorized data in the United States?
what caused the injuries
where is the united states supreme court located
What did more than 442,000 donors contribute to?
What is "surge" strategy?
What academics identified emotions with physiological changes?
Who was the leader of slaves during the New Haven anti slavery movement in 1839
Who said the find is "consistent with hat we are looking for?
what is the county town of west sussex
Who's death has prompted this
who invented a faster way to compile the u.s census
Where was the flight to?
New Zealand took what lead in the one day series?
where does the ellen degeneres show take place
the washing or irrigating of the sinuses of patients who are failing to respond to treatment
the superior vena cava returns blood to the heart from the
how many miles is it from earth to the star sirius in scientific notation
What kind of area allowed a more permanent settlement?
who won the third series of big brother
What technologies companies use to try to restrict online piracy?
What are "independent" theatre productions at Eton?
when did they find the dead sea scrolls
What kind of signs were removed form club Barcelona?
Of the languages of the are, what was the only approved language?
what is the speed limit on the m5
where is 702 area code located in california
How many of the textbooks between 1983 and 1992 discussed race?
How many leaders have been ousted?
What kind of metal has Queen been associated with?
what part did the mediterranean sea play in greek economy
how many judges in high court in india at present
Between what years was College Hall built?
When was the second wave of progressive house?
who wrote the poem in flanders fields the poppies grow
Which military wing was Dujana the leader of?
what is a focal point in a company
when did keeping up with the kardashian start
What does Debbie purdy suffer from?
What threatens the bird?
What is a gramophone or 'vinyl' record?
who played the landlord in coming to america
Penumata psychikon is usually translated as what?
What leader did Nasser bond with durin gthe negotiations?
what did his trainer say ?
the combination of carbon and oxygen would result in what type of bond
In meters, what is the highest point in the Plymouth Unitary Authority?
Which video is this?
To how many territories is the Premier League broadcast to?
where does the yuba river start and end
Grandparents should find time to do what?
Who is retiring from Test cricket?
What was the group formed to oppose?
who laid the foundation of the delhi sultanate
when will archer season 8 be released on netflix
where was the berlin conference of 1884 held
What type of foods are generally thought of as a part of Hyderabadi cuisine?
french for the more things change the more they stay the same
What did Mugabe refuse to do?
How many people died in a recent missile strike?
when do games get added to ea access
the aspect of the atlantic slave trade named the middle passage refers to
aguirre the wrath of god german or english
what was the united states navy 's contribution to the war
where are the commonwealth games held in 2022
Where did Yang Min practice as a computer scientiest?
What behaviors did the Taínos begin to adopt after years of mistreatment?
When was Brazil colonized?
HD content can be displayed by cable-ready TVs without using what?
when is mating season for red eared slider turtles
A Soviet double agent working for The Times in Spain was a war correspondent during what war in the late 1930s?
game of thrones season 7 start and end date
who played tim 's sister in law on home improvement
what did mahzer mahmoud say
Who will purchase debt in february?
What two people claimed that Op 58 was "worthy of Brahms"?
what did the official say
where is the sweet sixteen being played 2018
what did the british foreign secretary David Miliband said?
who sings i should have been a cowboy
Who did the Macedoniankings claim Mithridates IV descended from?
Which city has seen a rise in homelessness?
How many inmates are being voted to be released?
Along with journalists, who was tried in the People's Courts?
Who was the JK Bridge named for?
What number of passengers were evacuated from the ship?
Who was found choked to death and stuffed in a suitcase?
When was Armenia at its largest?
What type of cabinet meeting did Eisenhower hold for the first time ever?
Why is Mexico City vulnerable to flooding?
How were the laws in New York abolished?
who invented the first plane in the world
how strong was hurricane harvey when it hit texas
Where does Deloitte Football Money League rank Arsenal in the world football clubs?
when was the passion of the christ released
Where did the recycled oil come from?
What area does Jason Chaffetz represent?
when were electric christmas tree lights first used
when did too good at goodbyes come out
How many genes were associated with asthma by the end of 2005?
Where can historical licensing records be examined?
What achievement did he get?
when did federal income tax came into being
where is the orange bowl held this year
who gave the first in person state of the union
What did the Oscar winning actress say?
what is the meaning behind the name kaylee
For what competition did Arsenal use the yellow and blue away kit?
When was the devastating fire?
what is a serious threat
who wrote the book it takes a village
Where did the interview happen?
What kind of collision occurred?
Smartzone used what company's antivirus protection?
what are the dark spots on the sun called
What did the critic say?
What is causing the deaths of children?
who is katherine 's one true love weathering heights
Who was responsible for the art names "His Entombment"?
when did the model a ford come out
What range of years is the Antikythera mechanism thought to have been created?
who claimed a homeland in parts of turkey iran and iraq
What is an example of a night vision needed area?
How many were hospitalized?
How many levels does a predatory pyramid or heirarchy typically climb?
who wrote santa clause is coming to town
What did the feline become
How many years in prison was the leader of the operation sentenced to?
In what region of Southampton is the geothermal power station for the aquifer?
places in the us with no sales tax
Who contributed the most to developing naval mining?
Golconda is a type of what kind of painting?
Where were Freddie and the Dreamers based?
How many casualties did the 24th Michigan Infantry Regiment have in Gettysburg?
what did the activist group say
Where did Simpson's latest criminal actions take place?
What was the official election slogan in the first Namibia election?
who played charles winchester the third on mash
how much did barcelona pay for thierry henry
Who had surgery on his right wrist?
When was the Chiefs of Staff Committee formed?
when did the song tarzan boy come out
Who authored the book "Our Bodies, Ourselves"?
What are attacks designed to make a machine or network unavailable to its intended users?
who is the lead singer of the band shinedown
What was Herman Thomas's occupation
who filed motion for more phone records?
when did the first papa john 's open
the law or bill that changes the legal consequences of acts committed on the legal status of facts
What did Siddiqui say?
when did the civil war start in american
When did China announce service plans for the BeiDou system?
who sings heavy is the head that wears the crown
What team is he going to?
wwe greatest royal rumble match date in india
How many US House reps did Oklahoma have after the 2000 census?
What office administers the Electoral College?
What is the desired design value for transmmiting circuitry?
what type of english do we speak today
What was Bill Monroe's group called? 
Who will the show honor?
What was blamed for destroying the wind turbine blade?
What company gave 73 million-dollar bonuses?
What is the grandson accused of?
where is gulf of aden located on a map
How many small crosses are on the Georgian flag?
What radio format is similar to urban AC but features older soul and R&B songs?
What month did Kelly Clarkson win?
What business wanted to buy a stake in the AFL?
what is it called when two letters are joined together
when was the virginia state capitol building built
Who reclaims fourth place?
Who came third?
who built the stupa at sanchi in madhya pradesh mcq
Whom does the new device cater to?
what is a third level degree in ireland
What is San Francisco Conservatory of Flowers?
What is the process called of reducing the size of a data file?
Who allegedly hit a home run to the Center?
star wars game similar to age of empires
A study showed that a task dogs do is bringing in what from the lawn?
who holds the record for the fastest 40 yard dash at the nfl combine
Who composed GE's slogan "Imagination at work?"?
Of what series in the Periodic Table of Elements is uranium a part?
who is the returning officer for presidential election 2017
Which have stronger structures the father or son mold?
What is the estimate of Hispanic number in those states?
people from where pose threat to security?
What scriptures describe hunting as and acceptable occupation?
What is Thailands prime minister warning of?
What percentage of his body is covered in burns?
What did Stewart object to?
what is found in the central canal of the spinal cord
what 's the meaning of the song the sound of silence
What are the IMF delegates doing in town to discuss?
who sang live fast love hard die young
What was the focus of English Dominican mysticism?
What other error code was eventually covered by this warranty extension?
how many types are there
UNFPA is part of what larger U.N. group?
What did Irokawa Daikichi act out against?
At what age was the girl taken?
sam smith i 'm not the only one video cast
What was taken early on Monday?
je t'aime moi non plus meaning in english
In what state is armed robbery a capital crime?
What light did surgeons use to complete emergency operation?
What does the French constitution state for the language in Aslace?
who did the soviet union signed a nonaggression pact with in 1939
when was the last time the steelers played in the super bowl
when did the united states adopt the gregorian calendar
What was once named the "ugliest street in America" by Life magazine?
when did india get test status in cricket
cinderella and four knights who is the main lead
How long will the tourists train?
when does the summer monsoon occur in india
In what year was there a Strategic Defence Review?
where is survivor david vs goliath 2018 filmed
where is the great family cooking showdown filmed
What was the death toll?
who is considered the founder of physical therapy
who does the collector have in guardians of the galaxy
who does the voices in a way out
who was the first black woman who refused to give up her seat
Name one of the tribes Native Americans established in the Americas.
Which Incubus band member has been painting?
who is the current lieutenant governor of washington
What does the Over Compensator brag about?
What do all female mammals have in common when they have children?
What was the design name of the Chinese Olympic Torch?
How does Samkhya view the universe?
She transmit her avant garde style to which audience?
What is the name of the missing child?
What is the Arabic term for the surface-level aspects of a text?
When did the British invade Tibet?
who said  say the rains are the worst in a quarter century?
What king united the tribes in the 9th century? 
What is the name of the political party's leader that The Times supported in the 2001 general election?
which male tennis player has won wimbledon the most
how many episodes are in season 3 of the detour
Who will miss Portugal's qualifying match?
who killed gwen in the amazing spiderman 2
who is the current governor of gilgit baltistan
what is the name of the bridge in prague
when did thirteen reasons why season 1 come out
Name another way Jewish cultural expressions differ in each community?
What happened to the woman hit by the wheel?
How many fans per second is Jackson gaining?
who sang there ai n 't nobody here but us chickens
Michaela Garecht was how old when she was kidnapped?
where are the canary islands located on a world map
when did thomas the tank engine became cgi
What is the date of the release of the book?
What comment did Barrino make?
Where was the Jeep Liberty found?
Who plans to attend his home grand prix ?
To what country did the International Court of Justice award the temple?
where did england come in the eurovision last night
When did RCA release the 45?
What led to the resignation?
Because of what were they unable to donate?
What did Chris Nowinski do?
How many were injured?
why did the united states support the french war effort in vietnam
Which design feature did Smith eventually use to make production of a newly designed board more cost-efficient?
In what Fitzgerald classic does the fictional protagonist make repeated references to New Haven?
LEGO contest winner will receive what job?
What's the name for the pretty coloring effect caused in some wood by rot-producing fungi?
the relative lightness or darkness of a color is a property of color known as
who are the 4 main characters in gta 5
what is the charity based on?
What year what the opening night of Gulf War?
when did the royal family change to windsor
who plays gibbs mother in law on ncis
one version of determinsm from eastern philosophy is known as what
Which government advocated the banning of Class 2 LEDs?
when do new episodes of bill maher air
When was last seen Morgan Harrington?
How many soldiers in Napoleon's army died in combat?
When were the ten bells cast?
Most videos enable users to do what
Who was sent to help prepare?
which rabi crop is grown during the winter season
Which magazine are they interviewed in?
how much does an aircraft carrier cost to make
who does the president nominate to represent the us in other countries
CDC states how many cases were found in Texas?
what are three branches of government in the united states
What was the objection to the adoption?
What did the pact do?
who invented fountain pen and in which year
where is america 's got talent auditions held
When were albums said to be pioneered?
When did light bulb manufacturers establish a cartel to limit bulb life?
Was does March of Dimes says about world birth's.
What was the nickname given to the Demand Note dollars that were used to finance the Civil War?
When ingested in large amounts what does copper salts produce in humans?
the san andreas system in california is an example of a
who named the seven wonders of the world
Tamudic schools are known as what?
Where was Deamonte Driver from?
Who designed the bridge?
song played at the end of iron man 2
who decides the date of father 's day
when did america declare war on germany ww1
when did the last chucky movie come out
Where is Iniesta from?
What did the Russian send to Sinop?
In what year were rights to Spectre worked out?
if the federal reserve chair is considered a dove this means that she
Who was the first team to win using the golden goal to their advantage?
What does the Illinois governor have to say?
how much territory did the ottoman empire cover
What country were they from?
goalkeepers with most clean sheets in premier league
What was the name of Boteach's proposal?
What are the pervasive culture that is sanctioned in Burma ?
who sold the united states the louisiana purchase
What did Obama say?
When was the activity of desktop publishing first used?
who played jim reed 's wife on adam 12
What company produces Plymouth Gin?
where did the london bridge get moved to
Which company was targeted by the NAACP for not having fair practices?
What hobby champions the use of Old English?
why was constantinople an important center of european trade
What does the "line feed" function do?
What kingdoms had tension?
where was the movie pale rider with clint eastwood filmed
Which of Nash's students designed The Ballroom?
Where is the Agua Caliente Solar Project located?
How many companies were completely liquidated?
Who admitted to the blackmail?
In which year did a Premier League team consider relocating to Ireland?
Why did Feynman give up alcohol?
How many TV movies was Spielberg signed to direct?
who was the first elected prime minister of nepal
Who has the most political power in Greece?
What was snatched in 1982?
who won the first women 's fifa world cup
what caused the closing of some stores?
where is caribbean sea located on a map
What equations are used to figure out the index of refraction and extinction Coefficient?
What was the item called that recorded the sounds?
What is the new website?
What was the emperor's rule in Rome?
when did the gm plant in janesville close
who played stretch in texas chainsaw massacre 2
Who was Kerry saying was stuck in Iraq?
Whose missing person flyer was one of the first sent by mail?
Who are the stars in the Taking Woodstock?
Who was taken to the hospital by villagers?
when was i can only imagine movie made
What colleague of Democritus, also a Greek philosopher, helped him propose the particulate theory of matter?
The tactical use of railways was first used during what war?
how long did it take most immigrants to pass through ellis island
who was responsible for the death of the hunchback in the arabian nights tale
What geological feature has been removed underground to cause sinking in areas of southeast Houston?
what describes the three impacts of a crash
Alaska's coastline also has potential in which two environmentally friendly energy types?
What happened to the woman?
What state was Palan gorvernor of?
What movie understands that we've been through enough tricks?
What Puerto Rican leader did the FBI spy on?
who sings the song oh oh oh it 's magic
What do the public perfer?
what year did the movie holes come out
what does the winner get on america 's got talent
what is a standard and poor 's rating
who plays lucas on days of our lives
How many Americans died in the embassy bombing?
Where is the British Museum located?
Who might select Lieberman?
Where was the person killed?
Along with other factors, how long must a target be engaged to have effective ceiling?
What is going to hit the stands?
who ended up with the weapons
what is the meaning of wallah in arabic
where were the bones prior to being removed for testing?
who is the head of gram panchayat called
What did Chris Brown watch?
What did Paul VI enact between the third and fourth ecumenical sessions?
who sold new orleans to the united states
Who said the plan includes money for programs?
Where is the experiment taking place?
When did the confinement of Moroccan Jews in mellahs begin?
what do you get if you win the nba finals
for what is obama frustrated
where did the battle of waterloo take place
who made how to train your dragon movie
how many were arrested
In what way is Nanci's voice described as being
Who was the German translator that Darwin welcomed for On the Origin of Species?
How many pages did the outline have?
what is sussex police reviewing
Along with silver, mercury, tin and cadmium, what metal is uranium more plentiful than?
who won the money in the bank 2014
Why can't glaciers form in polar deserts?
What does the agency attribute to a surging number of refugees in Yemen?
What was Jama Korshel's title?
is rennes out?
who plays olivia on law and order svu
How many Christian families have been displaced
where did the king of france live before versailles
Why has Unicode been criticized for not separately encoding forms of kanji?
What male group dominated all aspects of Rome?
what is the capacity of the apollo theater
the drake equation is used to predict the number of
where was the college football national championship played last year
What is Europe's busiest rail station in terms of train activity?
What companies were responsible for the creation and subsequent release of the original digimon?
How many cubic meters of oil is supposed to be in Newtown Creek?
What percentage will people with incomes over $250,000 pay?
one result of the riegle-neal interstate banking and branching efficiency act was that
when does travellers season 2 start on netflix
What's the title of Schwarzenegger's 1977 book?
Who identified the SV40 virus?
who played jennifer hart on hart to hart
where drug cartel violence happened?
When will the Canadian mission end?
When were the last days of the Dominion of Newfoundland?
who does the killing in the first friday the 13th
What is the total number of USC students who were at the house?
Jomo Sono is a footballer from which nation
risk for infection related to premature rupture of membrane
Who is the president of Special Olympics?
What did Sheikh Hamad say?
the movement of earth around the sun is called answers.com
What was warren Buffett's estimated net worth in 2008 
when do you use overdrive in a vehicle
Having a high proportion of latewood isn't all that matters; what else is important?
On what date was the incorporation of the Universal Film Manufacturing Company?
Who won the 1975 election by large margin?
who has the longest playoff drought in the nfl
what feature occupied the center of a roman domus
who owns the hard rock hotel in las vegas
what impact did world war ii have on independence movements in africa
who played tarkin in the original star wars
Where did Obama visit before flying to South Korea?
who pleaded guilty?
who were the founding fathers of the declaration of independence
What event led up to the creation of the amazing mosaics in in the Basilica of San Vitale?
What was Crassus agree to receive in the First Triumvirate agreement?
when was angels we have heard on high composed
What did the Czechs as a people gain during the mid-18th century?
How far did the Majapahit Empire's influence stretch?
What city held the Olympics in 2012?
What was spray-painted on the businesses?
What does Miguel Cotto have over Manny Pacquiao?
What would often lead Rome to wage war in foreign lands?
What was the first reform concerning the calendar?
What is the most common use of embedded youtube videos?
who played the role of shahid khan in gangs of wasseypur
Who thinks the shooting was the result of a quarrel?
What does the United Nations say?
Who has been bought out of retirement?
what is the wavy line in spanish called
who designed the trophy of indian super league
where do new york giants play home games
where does the story the bet take place
What percentage of working dads would quit jobs if their families could afford it?
What was the husband charged with?
how did the united states benefit from the war of 1812
Local farmers also encouraged to grow what?
how many different time zones does australia have
How long did it take them to track down the suspect?
when was the first lord of the rings published
What is a lesser spoken, secondary language in Bermuda?
Do economists think Obama can fix the economy and the planet at once?
tomb raider which came first movie or game
What did Larry bet on?
Who said they went missing?
Was the debris from the missing plane?
Who was arrested?
Where do both networks transmit from?
where did the shooting take place
When did the fire occur?
For what is City of LA taking donations?
what Data recorders should contain information to help determine?
where is the brain located in the skull
Who was considered one of the most effective legislators?
this group is defined by the manifesto of the communist party as the modern working class
who is the killer in the movie devil
What is the best known Cubist architecture building? 
what does april 's baby have on grey 's anatomy
What are Art Blakely and Herbie Hancock known for?
In 1373, Portugal made an alliance with which country?
What has helped inspire his cuisine?
From whom is Kosovo expected to declare independence?
What century saw the end of the Northern Crusades?
when did the us and england become allies
Why did Jackson want this term to be used?
Who seeks to explain the theology of his black church?
who was terry that killed jase in eastenders
What program gives visually impaired kids a circus experience?
What was the population of New Haven according to the 2010 Census?
who built the grand hotel on mackinac island
who painted the picture of dogs playing poker
What did Monsanto and Illumina say they would do with the research?
A reputation for building what type of vehicles helps automakers sell more cars?
who told her story
Who got a prime seat at the Obama speech?
What occured from 1955 to 1968?
Who will meet with Clinton and Holbrooke?
who is the oldest person living on earth
Who suggested that it were the Jews that brought dissension into Christianity?
which is a large kuiper belt object that was visited by new horizons in 2015
4000 are trafficked in the UK for what purpose?
when does the biggest lotto in spain occur
"There's an app for that!",  what have been different technologies been created to do?
who holds the most stolen bases in baseball
Gain when referring to an antenna refers to what about radiated power?
When was it built?
Where was Maj. Steven Hutchison killed?
What are two American "mortgage giants"?
What was the second step Bowers took in editing a single work with two versions?
What radio station format was sometimes regarded as a type of adult contemporary?
Who does the senior leadership roles in the USAF include? 
who is credited with pioneering the psychoanalytic approach to psychology
Paideia is also known as what?
who becomes the vice president if the president is impeached
Who won a Commonwealth Writers' Prize for fiction for her book "Where We Once Belonged"?
how much money has 50 shades of grey made
Where was the U.S. ambassador expelled to?
when were the 12 steps of aa written
what became obsolete
What is the MWRA?
who did sean from coronation street have a baby with
where did they film call me by your name
What geographical region lies west of the Tennessee bottom land?
what movies has he made
what was the population of georgia in 1788
when is the next steven universe episode being released
who was the first person killed in the salem witch trials
who played in the movie on the town
Which team will be reaching the Euro 2008 finals after the result in Glasgow?
in which country was the first person charged in connection with the 9/11 attacks
when was the last time we sent someone to the moon
What term have Anthropologists employed to refer to the Eriksonian idea of selfhood?
which muslim leader received the title of knighthood in 1888
What is the clock's moniker?
Loud, shrill, and outdoor instruments were referred to as 'haut', while quieter, more intimate instruments were referred to as what?
What type of afterlife could Sumerians look forward to?
where did the last name palafox come from
who wrote the 14th amendment to the constitution
What is their discharge seen as
when can draco be seen in the sky
What country is the 8th person from?
What is the number of dead?
when does the new season of cheaters start
What online source called the 360 the 6th greatest console of all time in 2009?
who has sold the most records in hip hop
Termites, bees, wasps, and what other insect are social insects?
Where do brushes get their power?
who owns the yacht named the maltese falcon
What are the rights of a content creator that has their work protected?
The Phanerozoic era covers what time period?
Which port is Australia's largest container and general cargo port?
how many militants storm police station
what does the song complicated by avril lavigne mean
what is airplane mode on an android phone
how old do you have to be to buy cigarettes in connecticut
What made up Mauretania?
What was Schwarzenegger's last competition before retirement?
How many albums did Beyonce sell in the first week when she released her second album?
Why was she arrested?
what is Highlights from Elizabeth Taylor's?
What artist created the engraving Beer Street and Gin Lane?
Who would prefix Dame, to their forenames?
when was the constitution sent to the states for ratification
what time is the first selection of the nfl draft
What may impact social dynamics and technical development?
who wrote the song bewitched bothered and bewildered
Who is the Chief Minister of Norfolk Island?
What did Jones do?
What god is Narayana?
Who provides helpful information to Link?
What is the boy's age?
What color is also used interchangeably with "undried" for wood?
In which edition of On the Origin of Species was the epigraph from Joseph Butler added?
Who is famous for doing the Moonwalk?
What was Moldova's previous name?
On what border of the Byzantine Empire were the last holdouts for celebrating according the  Alexandrian Easter?
who was the president during the great depresion
What did the accounting director say?
what do nuclear reactions on the sun produce
What will be tough?
What Ray said about it?
when is the second series of this is us
when did little league start using aluminum bats
What was the death toll
Who scored the third goal?
who is have developed nurse robots that can assist?
when is sims mobile coming out in usa
What infrastructure has benefited greatly from capital investment?
who implemented divide and rule policy in india
who sings i got a peaceful easy feeling
What did the union president say?
what was the main goal of freedom riders
The Navy lacked what to hand over suspects to Kenya?
who sings how will i know if he really loves me
What encouraged violent street action against the government?
what are the 3 regions of the pharynx
who plays the gunslinger in the dark tower
how many were wounded
Where is health care poor in China?
Trooper was apart of what?
What was the export level of Sichuan in 2008?
What did the government give Toro?
What branch of this country's military was involved in Afghanistan?
There were mass executions of Danube Swabian populations in what city?
who played bonnie and clyde in the movie
how many episodes in school of rock season 3
Along with Margaret Sullavan, what notable film talent left Universal after the Standard Capital takeover?
how many episodes of american crime season 1
what is clifford the big red dog owners name
What kind of environment is the Pacific Northwest?
how many districts are in the state of alabama
Who agreed to let the Taliban rule?
What did the attorney say about Herold's heart?
What is President Obama attending?
who plays meow meow kitty on mutt and stuff
What was one philosophy book that Avicenna was taught from?
Baena worked for the Schwarzenegger/Shriver family for how many years?
who plays frank in f is for family
Who did the Ayatollah want re-elected?
After the war, what did Napoleon focus on?
Was there someone else that was preferred as Bishop?
Where was the source of Oracle bones traced to?
when does the new star wars movie 2017
what was the age of the oldest woman?
who was the last horse who won the triple crown
where does the name de souza come from
Which company is in spotlight over killing?
where were the first oreo sandwich cookie sold in the us
Who was photographed in the uniforms of dead soldiers?
who sang lavender blue dilly dilly in cinderella
What airplane developer was founded in San Diego in 1923?
What is the profession of Reginald DesRoches?
Where was Samoa in the order of small-island countries in their region declaring independence?
As opposed to personal loyalty, what basis should military promotions be given, according to Nasser?
what is the diet of the african lion
Who plans to sail around the world?
who is the highest paid basketball player in the world
What day were the remains found?
When is sentencing scheduled for Chester Arthur Stiles?
Who was protesting the transfer of the ship, but isn't now?
What other country does Portugal border?
when was a people 's history of the united states written
the crust of our planet that is made of rock and soil is what layer
what is the biggest shopping mall in texas
What do Democrats want to discuss with the White House?
who sings the best is yet to come mgs
What university has the largest Native American enrollment in the US?
What did he do in court
Where did the vote take place?
Which country moved up in the results?
Where is Beckham to return?
Where did the shots take place?
who takes hattrick in both innings of test match
how many books in the little house on the prairie series
How many days after gay marriage was legalized were gay marriages allowed to take place?
what is the official name of switzerland answers
After failing at knitting what did she try?
Who has shelved plans for building world's largest wind farm?
what 's the difference in the last of us remastered
What does the report say?
What is Abbate's first name?
What brand was the car?
How many seats did the Justice and Development Party win?
explain cambridge version of the quantity theory of money
who is the golem in the limehouse golem
how many game of thrones seasons are on dvd
What Mitchell's defense says?
plant varieties protection act 2000 objectives and rationale behind the act
Who holds the majority?
who submitted papers for the elections
the video with the most dislikes on youtube
the infectious agent that causes aids is a ( n )
what is the speed of a falling object after 3 seconds
when did mind hunter come out on netflix
Where does the opium come from?
when did star spangled banner became national anthem
After South Carolina passed an ordinance of nullification, who was sent to Charleston's forts?
How many Oscars was he nominated for?
Who is the woes taking a toll on?
what are Keith and Mary Hudson ?
when did this happen
What quote did Clinton use?
Who added the phrase "so help me God"?
what episode did alex bowen come in on love island
What does Dr. Carlos del Rio say is crucial to the battle against swine flu?
What was the original name of the College Street Music Hall?
What was Sheen reaction?
Is NATO involved?
who sings so nice to be with you
who scored the most goals for newcastle last season
The number of European HD channels and viewers has done what since the first HDTV broadcasts?
what is recovery.gov similar to?
How many jobs is the move expected to bring to Florida?
When did the aftermath of the Southwest Airlines inspection scandal happen?
When did the Cubs promote assistant general manager and player personnel director Jim Hendry?
Urban settlements and complex societal hierarchies are just some of the hallmarks established by which civilizations?
who plays first lionel richie or mariah carey
who disappeared
who plays bernadette 's dad on the big bang theory
How many people have died in fighting?
What is better than having high pay at an NPO?
what is the definition of performance enhancing drugs
when did the fires start in california 2017
when did oreo os cereal first come out
The emancipation of the slaves of Saint Helena did not take place until what year?
When is the former Strongman expected in Panama?
What responsibilities so Presbyterians have?
What was Jaipal action after his last defeat?
who 's being inducted into the pro football hall of fame this year
Who said Michael Jackson was murdered?
What is Williams promoting?
What materials do glass ceramics have a lot in common with?
What are the drugs estimated to be worth?
how many post office branches in the uk
first noble truth of buddhist also known as suffering is
who is featured on ghost town by kanye west
who plays the voice of thomas the tank engine
What does Italy serve under?
when does the new maze runner 3 come out
who won the great india laughter challenge 2017
What is each state divided into?
Where was Randy Pausch a computer science professor?
who played young clark in man of steel
When did Seoul Semiconductor release the first high DC voltage LED?
In what period did film versions of Inner Sanctum Mysteries appear?
who played in this year 's rose bowl
who blew up the bridge in harry potter
Who  often has to leave gigs early?
Does ease of reading correlate to accuracy in relation to the original text?
when were university fees introduced in the uk
Who was aducted at gunpint last weekend?
What does the phrase "Mater Dei" mean?
where does the last name rankin come from
Who received the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1918?
who sang the original then i kissed her
What is Obama's plan for small business's?
Who called for BP to prove its claim?
when did barney and robin get back together
When was the Gold State Coach first used?
who voted for the un resolution on israel
Who feels like being honest?
A Pirani gauge is accurate within what ranges?
What are people passing up the side of the boat?
how many republicans are up for reelection in the senate in 2018
What did Elizabeth Smart testify against?
Who says the fight is not over?
When did the Xinhai Revolution begin?
when did jeep introduce the 4 door wrangler
What form of government do the Puerto Ricans have?
how does the river indus change when it reaches the plains
What are state constitutional amendments relating to separation of church and state known as?
What aspect of God is usually emphasized in process theology?
when was the mississippi river levee system built
Where is new trial taking place?
What do the Somalis call frankincense?
What did Al Qaeda terror group post online?
who wrote the song here comes my baby
Who did Songtsan Gampo marry in 640?
Where did Youssif meet spongebob,Lassie and an orangutan.
What did President Bush say about the election?
What happened at the Minneapolis mosque?
1 solar day is equal to how many hours
which state has the most murders in the us
What did Dupre's brother say?
where did the battle of blenheim take place
what is the UN hosting
What is the age of Andrea Ivory?
What team is Barcelona's local rival?
What is the anti-piracy force called?
How many people are in need of help?
Which state executes the most people?
What did sri lankan government say?
who is the richest man in new zealand
Which 11th century Muslim physicist discussed space perception and its epistemological implications? 
who has won the most super bowls ever
who are the white guys in matrix reloaded
Who scored the most?
when was now you see me 2 filmed
Who had taken control of London when Henry III was to be crowned?
What killed more than 200 people in Niger and Nigeria?
when was the first solid body electric guitar made
Who is the star of the movie?
What is the name of the tropical storm?
who plays howard 's father in law on big bang
Cubism revolutionized the way things could be seen in art how? 
what movie is the song nothing 's gon na stop us
when was the last time kobe bryant won a championship
whaht is the rank of Canada?
What does 1 specific study of charter schools show 
Who eventually unlocks the gates?
Did justices appeal on the COPA?
Does sleep hurt a persons memory?
Who do democrats seek approval from?
From where were Valencia's officials chosen?
who played the creeper in jeepers creepers 3
the elements c n and o are contained in
who discovered systemic blood circulation system in human body
how far above sea level is niceville fl
When was Kham incorporated into neighboring Chinese provinces?
who does the voice over in threat level midnight
when does the 100 season 5 episode 3
what was the outcome of the supreme court 's decision in the 1911 standard oil case
where does the eurostar leave from in london
who does the universal declaration of human rights apply to
what will not be sufficient for people?
During the early & mid 70's, which party won the city council seats?
what is the upcoming movie of deepika padukone
what is the state capitol of new mexico
When did the established right for inviolability of nobles property?
when did the allies break through the gothic line
Who had a suicide attempt?
where was gold first discovered in the united states
What posits Alaskan Jewish homeland?
Which church now has a gay bishop?
During which month in 1862 did Union forces capture Memphis?
Who offer seeds?
How many members are on the ad hoc panel that allows project exemptions for cases where a species may harmed?
who is the human resource minister of india at present
Who does Obama meet up with to discuss Afghanistan?
how many people died in clashes?
How many sorties a night were crews asked to fly?
what is the symbol of density in physics
How many suicide bombings have rocked Pakistan over the last three months?
where does the university of illinois play football
current diagnostic and statistical manual of mental disorders
Who did Burke say we look to with affection?
In what year did Walter Lantz cease producing Oswald cartoons for Universal?
when did the new shape bmw x5 come out
where does the name pg tips come from
when did the first raspberry pi come out
who was chosen to guide the constitutional convention
What type of idea did he pose which was focused on facets of humanism?
what rifle is standard issue for the us army
when was the first episode of jessie made
what is bankrupcy used for
market share of big 4 banks in australia
this victim died
Who was named leader of the NAM in 1964?
Who disagreed vocally about the demonstrations being permitted?
What kind of relationship exists between a tree's properties and its wood's properties?
What is the musician's ethnicity?
in which state the bharatiya janata party from the government for the first time in 2018
When were Superman and Batman created?
Which area was confirmed as worst for piracy?
top ten bollywood movies of all time box office collection
What do the Germans feel it inconsistent to confine gods within?
who composed the last of the mohicans soundtrack
who was survivor
who has won the most mvps in baseball
How many bridges over the Thames were struck?
who wrote i ca n 't go for that
what category of hurricane was matthew when it hit florida
What day next week is the CD/DVD being released?
Winter Games appearance comes after how many years?
first amendment to the constitution of the us
What book specifically for the use of priests was printed in Estonian?
How long has the Strumica Carnival been going on?
what says White House?
when did tasmanian devils go extinct on the mainland
The Doha Declaration allows for what ways for monopolies to be bypassed?
who played barney 's cousin virgil on andy griffith
who was the first prime minister of isreal
What kind of dried wood retains a small quantity of water but is considered absolutely dry?
What do TV makers say people can do to view TVs in 2D?
What material is the new back made from?
Which Russian president argued that the country should stay in DST year-round because of the stresses of time shifts?
Prior to his resignation, what office did Gaddafi occupy in the GPC?
How many men were killed in Lahore?
Who did Robert Peel want to replace the ladies of the bedchamber with, instead of wives of Whigs?
Aphrodite was paired with which local god?
What was first instituted for first year students in the 2007-2008 school year?
What is another name for up-peak mode?
What did secretary lahood call the incident?
Who rejected Nasser's offer to become the new president?
when did the 1st ship in the aida fleet today 's aidacara take to the sea for the first time
How many people did the anthrax letters kill?
who is the current president pro tempore of the senate 2017
Consent for a party's unilateral interpretation of a treaty may be implied if that state has acted upon its view of the treat without what from another party?
Which version of evolutionary theory is easiest to use when explaining predation as competition?
what happened to the mickey hat at hollywood studios
In what year did Ted Turner buy Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer?
What part of the telephone was investigated by the patent officer?
who was the first african american elected to the united states senate
who was the leader of the visigoths that invaded the roman empire
who commanded hector the first british trading ship to land at surat
what is the meaning of bandar in english
most goal scored team in 2018 world cup
com and exe files are examples of what type of files
what is the name of Supreme Court Justice?
How did Immanuel Kant describe the Enlightenment?
who sings one fine day in the movie
How did the Encyclopedia Americana describe the Yuan Dynasty?
What notable football player played at Notre Dame from 1916 to 1920?
What is the primary flag-carrier in Portugal?
What did the demonstators do?
What was Heath Ledger up for?
Which Ex-Playboy playmate was found dead in a Florida hotel room in February 2007?
To what is dedicated a entire room in the home?
where are the great lakes on a map
who is the current president of deca ontario
Who was arrested in July?
what came first mary poppins or sound of music
Who assaulted a woman in an ambulance?
What was the issue Nasser led a protest against?
when do college football recruits have to sign by
How old are the oldest findings of dogs in North America?
where was the first atomic bomb tested in new mexico
What did Daniel Robbins say about Demoiselles being the beginning of Cubism?
Edwin, who suffered from mental disabilities, left home at what age?
for what reason did the search stop
when was the last time the us had a surplus
who was the taxi driver who won mastermind
who was the first person born on antarctica
How many liters of water per minute did Shuman's engine pump in litres?
What does the little known underground music genre celebrate?
what is the first book of the mortal instruments series
What is the living wood in a tree called?
What size was the group?
who skippered by neville crichton
Who was killed in the attack of the Social Democrats?
In what year did Capello resign as England's football manager?
who became the ceo of the indian it company vipro
In what year did TCM begin the Young Composers Film Competition?
What age were the victims?
who was the last emperor of the augustinian line
Which ancient Greek philosophers wrote essays on the concept of time?
How many stations does Metrorail have?
who is the actor who plays archie in riverdale
What is the idea behind TOMS Shoes?
when does the tour de france take place
who is emma coleman jordan?
What did the Judge say about the trip?
What person found hundrens of tents on the wastelands
Who will appoint new manager?
Which sport did not transfer well to Bermuda?
What name was adopted for Elizabeth's male-line descendants who do not have royal titles? 
How much of the city's GDP do the service industries contribute to?
who played daisy duke in the 2005 film the dukes of hazzard
who won the second battle of sabine pass
After the Human Genome Project, how many genes were encoded on the mitochondrial genome?
who 's the woman that played wonder woman
In 2000 a Kenyan man offered what for Chelsea Clinton's hand in marriage?
how many people estimated?
What was the name of the first song released by David Cook after winning American Idol?
What has happened to Torres?
where did they film house on haunted hill
Obama's focus is on what?
What did Burke think the war with France was against?
Who were the soldiers accompanying in the convoy?
What Super Bowl took place at MetLife Stadium?
What indicated the quality of a vacuum?
How much time do Tucson schools give students off to attend the Fiesta de los Vaqueros?
After WWII criminals were largely prosecuted under CPPCG for their involvement in what massive genocidal effort?
what did  a crying young girl ask?
when is subnautica coming out on xbox one
who wrote say you love me fleetwood mac
what is the length and width of a acre
what did the FCC adopt for the internet? 
when was captain america the winter soldier released
Where was Kerry a talk radio host?
What is The Times current price for the daily edition?
When did The Seattle Art Museum open its doors?
What did Clooney say of Darfur?
How long ago did Antarctica and Australia split?
How many people did the Navy say were on board?
when did the elf on the shelf first come out
which is the deepest mine in south africa
What can you do in the Florida Keys?
What did German broadcasters say?
when did the australian capital territory separated from new south wales
who win the asias next top model season 5
who did the usa defeat to win the gold medal in ice hockey in 1980
What has announced the seed for Euro 2012?
Brain tissue that is living is what color on the outside?
Where is Prince William's official residence?
when did the south of ireland became independent from britain
What else did Finlay do with his little person?
The SCN transfers signals to a set of areas that implement what?
Whose raids were called unconstitutional
Andy Robinson appointed new coach of?
when was the first federal special education law passed
what needs better regulations?
Who was elected chancellor?
Who does Trump doubt acted alone?
Where is moonshine not uncommon?
Who prime minister of Poland after 1997 parliamentary election?
when was the statue of liberty placed on ellis island
who is in love with the woman?
Which radio station provides radio to the students of Notre Dame at 88.9 FM?
What did the official say?
What have state officials called for?
In what year did the directors of Barcelona first claim to operate a professional football club?
how much did the carnivore weigh?
Who should not get FluMist version?
who wrote joy to the world three dog night
Who heard from citizens?
In what sort of theme pub could one find visitors singing with musical accompaniment?
What did his lawyer say?
What was a classic title originally offered by the Xbox Live Arcade?
What is the climate of North Carolinas coastal plain in the summer?
When did the Greek peninsula become a Roman protectorate?
What is the altitude which the FAA regulates over?
What group boycotted the elections?
Who was caught cooking?
What's another word for "sputum"?
Where did it launch from?
Which company owned the rights to the world's largest collection of films during the 1970s?
What was extracted and removed to make it harder to identify her body?
How many volumes are contained in Nepal's National Library?
What will a fifth place Premier League team qualify for?
where is bile produced and stored before added to food
Who condemned the coup?
Who described the armistice as Eisenhower's greatest presidential accomplishment?
Who was fired at on Friday night?
where is the tympanic membrane located in the ear
what position did alex cora play for the red sox
What can be heard on one of the recordings?
who won the gold medal in commonwealth games2018 badminton womens singles
what gonzalo do?
Who will Fernando Verdasco face in final?
in the game undertale who was mettaton 's creator
who died in the expedition of lewis and clark
who is the current lead singer of five finger death punch
what is most common style mistake?
who took steve 's place on blues clues
What were anti-virals found to do?
How long is the trek to Solitude?
who does the voice for the elephant in sing
What is the main lanuage of Bern?
When did Menander die?
Who offered the Bangladesh Rifles amnesty?
What is Benoit believed to have done?
which is Obama's plan ?
What did police say?
who is in charge of the methodist church
who sang the theme tune to the likely lads
How much was the US government ordered to pay in damages?
where does the natchez trace parkway begin and end
On what date did the former British Somaliland and Italian Somaliland unite?
Who said "We gave the world financial SARS"?
what does the committee say
When did Rue McClanahan win an Emmy?
who believes Tiger Woods will return to golf in time to appear in The Masters?
What two countries argued over credit for the discovery of Neptune? 
What did the strongest aftershock measure?
who are the founding fathers of hip hop
When must Vick be at home?
when did the cabbage patch dance come out
What was confined to a single building?
What island do many people think causes the double high tide in Southampton Water?
What does the lawsuit challenge?
when were the riots
The battle of Battle of Balaclava took place in what month?
who redefined the periodic table as being organized by atomic number not atomic weight
What percentage of the city's population is African-American?
When did Tongzhi Emperor die?
what is the best april opening ever
Along with God and morally responsible people, what is an example of a spiritual thing to Hegel?
In what city are mentally ill inmates housed on the "forgotten floor"?
Who has been patrolling the area?
Who was the first non-English person to manage England's football team?
Other than being race and gender based, what did believers in affirmative action also feel that the system discriminated against?
What number of people were slain?
what does battery mean in assault and battery
what was the robot maids name on the jetsons
where is the satish dhawan space centre located
who was the first european explorer to explore land that became part of the united states
The leader must have the support of who to stay in office?
Who had a lung infection?
How many soldiers did General Clinton return with?
Where were they killed?
What was built around naval installations?
when does the new spongebob halloween special come out
When was the Sedition Act passed?
In what year did the Motion Picture Production Code cease?
What group said that the McQueen label will survive?
what was the original name of jacksonville florida
What did he shoot a rifle at?
How many speakers of Sanskrit were there by the 1991 census?
What state is Jefferson County in?
Who can temporarily be assigned the Health Serviced Group?
What beliefs do most denominations agree on?
What has Rajendra Singh devoted his life to?
In what year was the first Universal-Pioneer player released?
What antenna type is a portion of the half wave dipole?
How long is the summit?
When was the Birao Peace Agreement signed?
In what year did the Berber Revolt begin?
Who lists Qualcomm as one of the best 100 places to work?
To whom was Georgics dedicated to?
where is the soul mentioned in the bible
What's the plan?
who was the 3rd astronaut of the apollo 11 mission who did not go to the moon
What is the age of the daughter killed?
What do lawyers claim Darling did?
Where do the Seattle Opera and Pacific Northwest Ballet perform?
pontiac trans am in smokey and the bandit
when does the new star wars the last jedi come out
What Rivers said about the Liam Neeson and his wife?
where is the genetic information found in a prokaryotic cell
How much could death toll climb into?
The power sharing deal is between who and who?
Which group inherited the "revolutionary spirit" once displayed by the philosophes, according to Darnton?
What was the original intended home field of the Las Vegas Outlaws?
what is the primary language in the bahamas
where does a golfer take his first stroke from
who said india is not one but two nation
who played aragon in the lord of the rings movies
What can the scent of vanilla be used for?
What does the NFL do with the Falcons quarterback?
when did the first colored movie come out
who helps arya stark escape king 's landing
what is the function of the department of homeland security
What is the place called where initial training happens?
What is the name of Rory Tahari's wife?
Where can you dress to kill?
how many goals have liverpool scored in the league this season
how many ncaa basketball championships does kansas have
What can be considered as set phrases?
Where does Mac hardware boot directly to in all Intel-based Macs?
How long was the co-defendant's sentence?
who wrote the music for the song purple rain
What was Burke made chairman of in 1781?
What kind of work does orthodox Judiasm seek to transform the world with?
Outside of promoting diversity, was does Eastland believe the other reason to be in favor of affirmative action is?
What was the police officers name?
what part of the world is asia minor
when was the last year lead paint was used
who holds the record for rushing yards in a season
The Soviet Union gained control over which city following the Treaty of Kars?
On what date was the first TV show seen in the UK?
when did the bank of england start quantitative easing
What units are the bulb sizes measured in?
Where is Roh's body going?
What was the mudbrick table in the temple for?
who is the 1st prime minister of india
when was honolulu chosen as hawaii 's capital
when did germany invade france in world war 2
In what book did Jack Kerouac write about visiting Tucson?
What did West say her job is?
how many times have man utd won champions league
How many forced labourers were in the largest camp?
who produces the most pineapple in the world
How many Georgians speak Russian actively?
when was television made available to the public
when was the last time newcastle won the premier league
What are starting to function like mini cities?
How did racial categories appear in the US 2000 census?
who played the dad on my three sons
Where did aspirin originally come from?
who sang you saw the whole of the moon
What two key elements that distinguish literature as a written form of art?
what was blondies name before she married dagwood
who 's the judges on america 's got talent tonight
who was the dolphins leading passer in 1993
what does the e in heb stand for
What does the violence stem from?
who plays mr morris in friday night dinner
who played johnny fever in wkrp in cincinnati
What will the Talibans anti-women moves do?
What way was she killed?
when was the first mcdonald 's opened in canada
Communists were defeated in what country in 1972?
Who was the first Christian individual to be sentenced to death by the church for heresy in Rome?
What is shariah?
who does the voice of our cartoon president
believe it or not was theme song for what tv show
When is sweet wort separated during the brewing process?
What did the NTSB say?
What was the Liberian flag and constitution modeled after?
Of what does team Espanyol view Barcelona as a team ?
Where did authorities tell the pilot to return plane to?
when was the first mosque built in australia
when was the first wireless tv remote invented
What was held for hundreds of years?
Are aluminum and glass considered to be environmentally friendly or environmentally harmful?
who played lindsay lohan s mother in freaky friday
who is involved in the conflct
when Police: Attacker, two worshippers?
Where is Armstrong from?
What did the first phase of the Armenian Genocide involve?
Which highway is connected to the Bible?
where do stars form in the milky way
What previously failed to pass the house?
Which year was Patrick Hernandez's world tour held?
Was the Planck constant the only option for redefining the kilogram?
Who set to report for duty in U.S. Army in July?
what kills 99,000 in US annually
what is an uruk hai in lord of the rings
What are parents said to be doing?
when was george gently series 8 episode 1 aired
The facade of Saint Denis resembled what other well known structure?
what 's the oldest brewery in the us
A sequence of events used to describe a sequential path can be referred to as what?
where is the isle of man race held
What was the ban about?
Where is the former CNN talk show host from?
what is the percentage of military spending in the us budget
How many have died in Oklahoma?
How did Japan rise to be a world power during the Meja era?
canadas oldest national park located in the rocky mountains
In what year did their album bring them crossover fame.
the guide for the perplexed by moses maimonides summary
who present the national filmfare award in india
where did the name tim tam come from
where did the last name burton originate from
What types of issues should men and women be treated equally on, according to the reading?
what Island nation seeking aid to invest in renewable energy?
what was destroyed?
How many pandas escaped the reserve?
when does troye sivan bloom album come out
what did she die from
Where is Israel's standard of living ranked in Asia?
who holds the record for most goals in a single world cup match
In which period was cinema born?
Who named Roll one of the 25 Fittest Guys in the World?
What are people with high quantities of Amerindian ancestry grouped as?
Who won the bid at the foreclosure auction?
How many arrested in death of fellow contractor James Kitterman?
What does Matt Groening say?
who wrote the song fairytale of new york
who play the beast in the beauty and the beast
How many travelers have been confined?
what is the difference between arterial and venous blood
which famous gem was said to have been stolen from a hindu statue
who won the women 's money in the bank
Number of civilians the airstrike killed?
when did the us start using the electoral college
where is the 2017 miss universe being held
What do psychologists use to visually map emotional experiences?
What was used to confirm that the dead man was Gadhafi?
What legendary band with a color in its name has played at the Guildhall?
Who does she work for?
who played brad in the original rocky horror picture show
where is houston located on the texas map
who represented himself?
when was the last time the spurs were swept
What does ITU-R stand for?
What did the court rule outlawing polygamy was?
What are some of the reasons for concerns?
What kind of platform are Roland and SA-8 Gecko?
What did a lawyer call Amanda knox?
What does Plutchik see as the positive equivalent of disgust?
who is the nations first indigenous president
who was convinced and sentenced to 10 years in prison for giving an anti-war speech against wwi
Who was the last and most famous queen of the Ptolemy dynasty?
What is the name of the cruise ship?
Name the Times Square bomb plot suspect
who wants to be a millionaire british host
what city was hospital worker living in?
Who argued that the Old East Slavic Slavuta for the Dnieper River was derived from slova?
Prior to spreading, how hot is mastic asphalt heated?
Chopin worked with Liszt on what piece?
Bronze and brass are examples of what?
when was israel divided into israel and judah
who is credited with establishing the constantine chapter
What did son of Sen. Edward Kennedy say?
what is the schedule?
A slump in what has led to tens of thousands of layoffs across Japan?
what is a risk factor
What has been argued about high rates in education?
Who was the victim?
What was the winner's name?
joining place of river ganga and river yamuna
where is union city michigan on a map
who forbids her to have contact?
When did Kangxi die?
What was Detroit's 2010 Mexican population?
What should you choose over talk radio
how many high schools are in fulton county ga
Is the device slim or fat?
WHat can irritate skin?
who wrote song with a little help from my friends
how many are the elements of the periodic table
Where was the tanker hijacked?
What previously stood where the bank is now?
What does retroviral coverage help prevent?
who rolled back the stone from the tomb
when did the first english settlers come to australia
i can see clearly now the rain has gone original artist
What year was Union-Castle Line mailship replaced?
how did sally die on mcmillan and wife
how many super bowls did new york giants win
Which Bishop of York baptized Elizabeth? 
name the plate on which ireland is situated
when will be the next fifa world cup held
In the original plans of the city, how many city block were designed?
What club is he joining now?
In what year were standard base sizes introduced for incandescent lamps?
What german word does the term szlachta come from?
In what city was the beer pump invented?
Who is heading the probe?
who played jimmy on the tv show roseanne
How many years prior to Planck's study had the scientific community first discussed black body radiation?
What was disturbing?
when was the book matilda by roald dahl published
what is the unit of currency in northern ireland
structural feature that is responsible for absorbing visible light
What is problem in Britain?
What was Gadahn indicted for in 2006?
who is house of cards based off of
Where can an early non-Christian reference be found to the Crucifixion?
In 2011 what did the group Freedom House say concerning the Burma military?
Who is being searched for?
where was what to expect when you 're expecting filmed
What service did the divers work for?
Who plotted to kill eight classmates?
how many lengths did secretariat win the belmont stakes
What do the Kurds say?
what season did lebron win his first championship
What road does First use stops around to leave a terminal available for other buses?
who 's the republican running for governor of florida
Whose death was compared to Elvis Presley's death?
Where did Brancheau suffer fractures?
Ibn al-Haytham experimented with what around the year 1000?
where did the attack occur
who is the highest goal scorer in bundesliga last season
Who discovered Hydralazine?
Are more rings necessary if they're narrow or wide?
the level of mathematical precision of a variable is called
What are Hamshenis?
for what A fourth car near mobile home park is searched?
where is gulf of alaska on a map
For whose benefit was the first of these concerts performed for on 2 April 1833?
Who was targeted?
Who started a youth group in Argentina to clean up the environment?
At what location is most weather data collected for the Seattle area?
when does wreck it ralf two come out
What is one nickname for the city of Denver?
Is each database backup kept in the same file?
what was started in 1988?
What killed 87 people ?
What is the age of the girlfriend?
When did the power cut happen?
How many major geographic patterns do the global distributions fall into?
Where were the empire's law schools?
When did New York State ban unmarked cars for traffic cops?
when does the 5th season of vikings start
What Age's ideas allowed Estonian writings to gain significance?
What did Abess do with his bonus?
where did maize cultivation begin in the americas
how deep is ice in a hockey rink
What does 'yoh-hu' mean?
where is the exhibition?
Who was the interior architect of the Houses of Parliament?
What is the Barengraben?
who plays ethan in my babysitter 's a vampire
who sings i got soul but i 'm not a soldier
When did Jalaeipour's wife last hear from him?
Where was the video shot?
How many Habitat for Humanity houses has Money built?
What type of education did Gaddafi prefer to primary schools?
Who was the seventh President of the United States?
In which language did Maybudi write?
Who said "No official word on whether company will be awarded contract"?
when was the last time broncos won a superbowl
What organization meets to discuss and determine the countries that are considered by the rule of law?
Who designed the Parliament House of New Delhi?
what is the capital of andhra pradesh and telangana
what do the witnesses fear
What is the average amount of time men serve as missionaries?
What feature of the nationalism movement is unknown?
what is the role of akshay kumar in naam shabana
In 2002 what act granted full British citizenship to the citizens of the islands?
How many pounds of illegal drugs were seized?
What happened to geology during the Scientific Revolution?
What day did the crash take place?
where has a sea-port of the harappan civilization been discovered
what was the altercation about
who nominates the chairman of public accounts committee of indian parliament
Which airline offers in-state travel with jet-service?
who was thrown in the pit in the bible
who has won the most academy awards of all time
when did korea became a colony of japan
when did tbs start playing 24 hours of a christmas story
Why are these people having to give things up?
The mayor of Buffalo, New York ordered what?
where is the house used for the beverly hillbillies
Who will have visitation rights of the two kids?
How many countries produced concentrated uranium oxides in 2005?
where is the 2018 baseball all-star game played
Where will the U.N. Climate Change Conference take place?
What does Scion have inside?
how much saliva does a human produce in a day
Who signed the deals?
What will a person often do with extremely stressful memories?
Who does Obama want to fill the empty Supreme Court seat?
When did Beyoncé give birth to her daughter?
who sang ol man river in showboat 1951
How many crew members were aboard the freighter?
Were behind-the-scenes glance of the princes captured by Nicky Philipps?
what did the voting rights act provide for 
what happened to argentine woman
who played the original tarzan in the tv series
When did the First Macedonian War begin?
The Russians were surprised because they were expecting the fleet to land where?
what does safety advocate say?
what is the denver ii developmental screening test
Who argue for a term other than African American to describe recent immigrants?
In what year was the Constitution adopted?
Who is Fred Couples?
what are the benefits of andrews liver salts
What did he say?
who plays leanne in orange is the new black
Until she became queen, what flower was on Elizabeth's coat of arms?
when does chapter 14 of riverdale come out on netflix
What has UNESCO warned?
what does jarrett say
What is the name of the concept that has replaced the food pyramid?
When was the Bronx's boom period?
Who offers dietary advice on the role of nutrition in chronic diseases?
when did the google pixel xl come out
who is being sentenced
present minister of science and tecnology in india
What is the age of David Cooley?
who was believed to be the son of re the sun god
What is the largest solar power plant in the world?
What does a judge warn Debra lafave?
who did the voice of max in a goofy movie
What is being planned by Tibetan militants?
Which ratio varies because of the structure of woven reinforcements?
how many members form a jury in scotland
who is given credit for writing the rules of behavior for the monks living in the monasteries
diary of a wimpy kid book 12 release
what was the name of the plane that dropped the bomb on hiroshima
What was the first practical implementation based on?
what are being closely watched by U.N. officials?
who played jan in the brady bunch movie
How many households were recorded in the 2010 census
Who refused to advance with the king?
Name of the city that is a clubber's paradise?
To show their strength in the international Communist movement, what did China do?
Who supported the reaction against the government?
What is the number of dead cadets?
In what year did Guinea-Bissau start to bring some internal monetary stability to the country?
What is mycolic acid is responsible for in Mycobacteria?
When do the chaffinches Fringilla coelebs migrate?
who produced the way i am by eminem
What happened to the John 3:16 guy?
who plays dill in to kill a mockingbird
What service was Stufflebeem in?
meatloaf i would do anything for love what is that
what language is spoken in the movie apocalypto
where was the first ever hot air ballon created
how many seasons of heartland has there been
When was the Zinoviev letter published?
What number of people where arrested?
how many copies did back in black sell
Human perception of musical intervals is approximately what?
how many letters were found
is a peanut a bean or a nut
Who did Pamela Stephenson talk to?
when is the third fifty shades movie coming out
What is the current nationality of former Plymouth resident Chris Axworthy?
What is the Gambino family accused of?
How long has Ed McMahon's home been on the market?
What are political parties lobbied by?
Where is Anbar Province?
how many articles are in the us constituion
who develops the first computer language called cobol
Where did the actress play in?
where are they manufactured
What award ceremony did Madonna appeared in?
Why did Chrysler discontinue use of the Hifi 16 2/3 rpm record?
when did galway last win the football all ireland
who has won the most commander in chief trophies
where did the band better than ezra get its name
what is the colour of phenolphthalein in hcl acid
when did england last win the rugby union world cup
who plays doctor resnick on the good doctor
What role did he play on "Diff'rent Strokes" ?
when does the new season of got air
Who will he transfer control to?
the medical procedure for drawing a sample of venous blood into a vacuum tube is known as
What is the third largest city in South Carolina?
most of the municipal waste in the us is
What was a watershed event in human history?
where was season 2 of shannara chronicles filmed
Who has the reputation of the hardest working player?
What did officials report?
who dies in grey 's anatomy season 8 plane crash
Ottoman calligraphy can also be referred to as what?
What was the price paid for the newspaper?
What erupted amid protests for Tibetan independence?
How many people remain unaccounted for?
Which country tolerates illicit methods?
what is a echogenic focus on an ultrasound
What did the purported message say?
What year did it become mandatory to teach Hokkien in Taiwan schools?
When was the great battle of Raphia?
who helps the shoemaker make the nice shoes
What destroyed the palace?
Who said her privacy had been violated
when does callie come to grey 's anatomy
Why did Reprise only release one 78 rpm vinyl?
which was the final score of the game?
what happened to the let
What were they on the lookout for?
light source and pathway of light of inverted microscope
What type of interactions happen within groups of infected individuals in epidemics?
What would cause "lock up" of countries?
What score did Feyman receive on his math and physics entrance exams?
What council was the city given a seat for in 1949? 
how did lenny briscoe leave law and order
who have been the detectives in death in paradise
What country has been increasing its support for the fossil fuel and nuclear industries?
Where do most cancer deaths occur?
For how long does the fixed rate of tuition last?
who won mens single cincinnati masters championship in 2017
Who scored the penalty?
what are the 4 types of blood vessels
Tito had cordial relations with the United States and what other Western area?
Amnesty say who is alleged to be behind the campaign
What features dramatic water displays?
what will democrats lose
Which coast is Atlantic City located on?
when do babies start breathing on their own
Who was the ruler of China in 885?
when did the battle of the alamo start
when does the spider-man homecoming movie come out
How many people lived in the Charleston=North Charleston Urban Area in 2010?
What language did Napoleon make the only official one?
how did the smoky mountains get their name
What color did he refer to himself as?
How many reporters did Lamb hire for the Mirror's initial staff?
Where does 35th Street end?
Deshin Shekpa was the head of what school?
Alfred Bouey's mother was mistreated by who?
Who said the quote?
Who issued the report?
Do people look forward to Cinderella matches? 
who has the most minutes in nba history
How many time could cleanup take ?
what did the people do
when was the song i 'm blue released
How were the Roman edicts handled in some areas?
What Virginia Commonwealth University campus is near Virginia BioTechnology Research Park?
What was Queen's final album featuring Mercury vocals compiled from earlier recordings called?
What has emerged in the last few years?
Who is the Jetstar Pacific CEO?
what year did flight 1549 land in the hudson
who was the founder of the mauryan empire
where must proposed legislation to raise governmental revenue through taxes originate
how much of the us national debt does china own
what Family credits alternative treatments he's getting?
An artist from which country will curate Olympic Games' opening ceremony pyrotechnic display?
where is the school located in to kill a mockingbird
Liberia's account deficit peaked at what percentage in 2008?
when did the deep blue sea 2 come out
what did bresnik say?
how many episode handmaid 's tale season 2
who is the show love is based off of
characteristic that is related to a star 's temperature
what is the name of the smallest hummingbird
In what year was CBS the only network to also have a record company?
when does the next doomsday clock come out
what year did the age of aquarius begin
who has the largest population in the united states
With whom did Martin get physical?
what is the city in italy that is under water
What US President wanted to treat Hispanic people as white by the federal government?
Who is a notable bodybuilder from Hyderabad?
What took the images?
who won the men 's singles title of the us open tennis grand slam 2014
when was first children 's day celebrated in india
who said democracy is the rule of fools
what is the meaning of sania in arabic
who wrote the song if i ruled the world
What does the Hizb ut-Tahrir aim for?
who plays rob in so awkward season 3
Which kinds of birds land for a few days before resuming migration?
what did adam lambert's cancels?
What is considered to be weapons grade?
who sings were walking in the air in the snowman
Which colors are combined to make all other colors? 
Is Sultan currently on bed-rest?
Why did Venezuelans come to America?
when was the last time washington redskins won a superbowl
who is robin in how i met your mother
who played pebbles in the 1994 flintstones movie
How long had Caray been a St Louis Cardinals icon?
Where are the British government's records houseed today?
what does it mean to trip the light fantastic
how many home runs did joe dimaggio hit in his rookie season
What gives a lower risk?
what is a monolith in 2001 a space odyssey
What is the temperature on Neptune's clouds that are at 50 bars? 
What was a major issue in the USS Langley?
In what century did Palladian architecture become well established?
How many municipal wards are within Hyderabad?
Who expects their troop to be out by the end of July?
What advanage do independent multiphase winding sets have?
What is the most commonly spoken language in the European Union?
In what writing did he recount his time in exiles?
what part of new york is time square
Who makes preparations?
why was france willing to sell us the louisiana purchase
Opposition accuses Harper of doing what?
What color was the sacrifice mandated to be for heaven deities?
Which of Tito's grandchildren is a cardiologist and writer?
The search for mysticism in the Dominican Order goes back to what?
what does the consumer credit act 2006 do
is yellowstone national park in montana or wyoming
Mandela was born in what year?
when was the fifth generation of computers invented
when was the anti discrimination act introduced in australia
How much would universal sanitation cost?
what did george clooney bet
what was the name of the plant from little shop of horrors
who does hugh jackman play in night at the museum 3
How many Nazis were arrested?
What is the longest Contiguous Coastline in the US 
What did Einstein discover a resolution to?
What type of encoding, analog or digital, causes LaserDiscs to be succeptable to damages?
what factor about america has contributed to the evolution of american english
when did the cowboys come into the nfl
How many children in Africa are working in the arigucultural sector?
Where does Hopper want to be buried?
how many spires does the sagrada familia have
What is the name of the program?
gibberellins are naturally produced in which part of a plant
What does IMF stand for?
How many books are held by the Notre Dame libraries?
The virginal is what type of instrument?
the cathedral hull allows a boat to do what
In 1203, what area was a stronghold of the Cathar?
who is the girl in i feel it coming video
where is the house of the texas chainsaw massacre located
The enlightenment was an outright attack on what?
What shopping center was damaged by weather?
Who counted the game among the best ever made?
Who is a great ambassador for the game?
belief that god chooses kings to rule nations
Where were they being deployed to?
Who did Barcelona beat 2-0?
How many kb of Video RAM did the PPU have?
How many of the men died in prison?
what does barium do in a ct scan
What was canceled?
Who said the down economy turned Americans into scrimpers?
What is the Siddur?
who is the sponsor of the citrus bowl
The ionic radii of what two elements are almost identical?
What is the number of points Dan Carter has?
who plays kelly on saved by the bell
what type of issues did the progressives address
How long is Suarez game ban?
In 1835 where did Chopin and his parents visit?
only indian state to have its own flag
when is the feast of divine mercy celebrated
what does it mean when you make the dean 's list
Why was the lawsuit eventually dismissed?
What device seemed well-suited for Link's arrow shooting ability?
who plays nick in night at the museum
what type of dog is pal from arthur
What is causing the damage?
what is the name of the venus flytrap in little shop of horrors
What is the expected pay for the jobs in Colorado's new store?
Who founded autosegmental phonology?
What is the places paddling tours visit?
What did Russions win
where is clemson university located in south carolina
What place is a good place for jazz?
How is half of the money distributed?
where does the term social justice come from
who claimed dams as the temple of modern india
in which stage of cognitive development does the conservation concept first appear
What was the opposite of a sinner who committed a venial type? It would be the most grave type of all . 
who is the designer of the piazza in front of st. peter 's basilica
Where did the United States support dictatorships in the 1970"s?
who 's job is it to schedule each day 's shooting
Which company is to be sued?
Who has been targets of hate?
who plays mrs claus in santa paws 2
What flight did police board on Friday?
What did May say?
when did the ottoman empire take over palestine
where is the biggest pyramid in the world located
who executed the site of mohenjo daro in sindhi
where is one place freshwater is stored in the water cycle
What did not create a danger?
what does the fire department say
which person or group brought polyphonic music into the christian church
Where is the power that is distributed originating from?
What was he charged with?
What large plans did Koch have?
when was the last time poland played in the world cup
What was the official name of ISO/IEC 13818-3 better known as?
Where did this take place ?
What might save or create 4 million jobs?
when did bill and teds excellent adventure come out
who has the most division championships in nfl
when did dear evan hansen go on broadway
Vampire weekend is working on what?
what is the weather like in valencia spain
What did Arthur Leland Sayler do?
Where is the Art Institute of Charleston located?
Did he kill himself?
What country covers treatment for tuberculosis for its citizens?
How many deaths occurred in the past 24 hours of fighting?
What does Mugabe do?
What is the name for the practice of singing strictly by the score in opera?
when did the newest spider man come out
Wien's spectrum model could not predict accurate at what end of the spectrum?
archipelago in the bahamas noted for wild swimming pigs
who may designate isolated missing detained or captured personnel
By what means did locale people travel between Pacific islands?
when will season 2 attack on titan be dubbed
Who urged the house to pass the bill?
Who plays Edward in this movie?
when was the reflecting pool in washington dc built
cells in the islets of langerhans that produce insulin
who wrote i put a spell on you
Whose case is scheduled to continue August 4?
Where did the train crash?
What makes slide shows and lectures more interesting?
What number of states was surveyed?
what its the temperatures?
What did Air India tell CNN?
What did Morrison warn he couldn't do?
what is rampant there
What is hunting program used to control?
where does the mississippi river start and stop
who is Annette Gordon-Reed?
who is credited with creating germany and in what year
where are pollen grains produced in a pine trees
who sings the song i feel like bustin loose
What did Mike Chinoy say about the CNN story?
How many cases of swine flu are at the University of Kansas?
cities with the most skyscrapers in north america
is harley quinn a superhero or a villain
where was the on to ottawa trek stopped
How many men are accused in the attack?
What caused Rob LeBlanc to lose his job?
With what type of facade were buildings left with if they were to completed at a later time?
Who are nine points adrift?
On what street did many of the buildings designed by John Foulston reside?
when the doctor revealed he knew river was there all along on doctor who
Who talked to CNN?
who is the current indian ambassador to russia
How much was the pile of debt in Italy?
what was garrett uekman
What was in the weapons caches?
who posted bail afher 2 days in prison?
How many public shows did he perform during the last years of his life?
who has kicked the most goals in afl
What is pleased with Lohan?
What concept eventually became successful?
What basic difference is there between the teams of Barcelona and Real Madrid?
how many toms shoes have been given away
How many bodies did police discover at the home of a sex offender?
When can dynamic testing occur?
who joked that he would host "drunk and nude"?
Where was the original indictment filed?
What team was guaranteed a place in Europe?
who is facing charges
What continent's laws developed alongside those of the Church?
What group controlled the Mafia in New York in the 20th century?
How did Burke say we look towards magistrates?
When will evacuations begin?
How many shootings took place over night?
What is the reward for information about the Carol Daniels case?
when does jenny die in the l word
who played mr. furley on three 's company
How much are American's saving?
Which company might be sucked into a price war?
when did the world wide web become popular
who won the 2017 chinese grand pix held in shanghai china
The Lobund Institute was merged into the Department of Biology at Notre Dame in what year?
what was brought to europe from the americas
where is the caloris basin located on mercury
What were the benefits of the new system of double-entry bookkeeping?
Who is performing?
Which parental figures often avoided the common familial rules?
Who is the Russian PM?
What battle did Demetrius Poliorcetes defeat the fleet of Ptolemy?
Where did the two bombs explode?
in the alpha decay of francium-221 what daughter element is produced
What deals was on for Ruusia?
It's been estimated that up to what number of native Dutch speakers live in Australia, the U.S., and Canada?
What is Laura Ling greatful for?
in what city were authorities confronting gang warfare
when did the tv show the game come out
when was the last episode of fairy tail aired
What does the Law entail?
when did beauty and the beast take place
where does the last name hess come from
who is the japanese ambassador to the us
what is the name of the new at-at
when do you wear a white bow tie
What country has the highest malnutrition in Latin America?
How much of Nigeria's population in 2009 was rural?
Which album by Kanye West has been talked about by writers for having maximalist aesthetic?
What continental European country has pubs?
who sings the steel dragon songs in rockstar
Where do the majority of renewable energies derive their energy from?
What is the name of the state-run gas company?
What site besides www.BeijingTicketing.com  was named in suit?
how much damage cost?
When Gaddafi staged his coup, did he need to use a great show of violence?
Who felt exploited?
How does conjugation take place?
when was the virginia declaration of rights written
What was Ireland's most rail-centric city?
when did the chicken pox vaccine come out in the us
what is the response to as salamu alaykum
Who provides the exposure index rating?
who was the author of yogadarshan which volume did he write
Where does the major operation take place?
At what age did Travolta's son die?
On May 3, 1856, how many Pitcairners left for Norfolk Island?
when was the magnum built at cedar point
Which Soviet Foreign Minister lost his job because of his favorable attitude towards the west?
Who died in motorcycle accident
When was the Confederation of the Rhine formed?
How has Switzerland maintained its relationships with the EU?
Who screened out liberals and Democrats?
where is the high roller located in vegas
How many contestants make it through the initial auditions in each city?
when are the closing ceremonies for the paralympic games
what is growing?
Where did a large number of Bermudians emigrate to before the American Revolution?
who selected the books of the new testament
What operations are concluding, according to Deutsche Post head?
who holds the homerun record for a single season
where was the first steel track roller coaster located
who sings vocals on don t you worry child
What film is Biel voicing?
Do any famous people like using the Kindle?
What is the Briton accused of?
who is Philippe Varin?
how many academy awards did the sound of music win
Where did Seminole Indians raid 
What will customers be without for days?
What can robots do?
What European powers met in Vienna for a conference?
Who was in fourth place?
How long did the anti-Nazi propaganda machine run before the pact-signing?
How do creators of content protect their work from infringement?
where is supremacy clause found in the constitution
who has developed this game?
Who is the actress?
who gave the concept of game theory first
How many records has Underwood sold in America?
What language are Mandarin and Cantonese sometimes considered dialects of?
what did the judge appoint
Can these plants cross breed with the parent population of plants?
what is the action of the brachialis muscle
Who grabbed the shotgun?
How many degrees off was Adams' prediction?
What design element allowed the use of large clerestory windows?
 Who told Napoleon that the Frankfurt proposals were probably the best terms the Allies would offer?
What does the C-NAF provide support to?
What is Villas-Boas job title
What is the best means to help children?
who sings the chorus in all of the lights
what is apple 's intelligence voice assistance called
who has the most caps for wales rugby
What position was he selected for at work camp?
songs of the movie qayamat se qayamat tak
What gifts did Rangel recieve?
who is giving bigg boss voice in tamil
At what time did the Church of England become independent?
What does his school send all graduates to?
What does the mother of 3 insist she's not doing?
How many people were injured?
who sings i do n 't wan na close my eyes
who plays chase adams on one tree hill
where do edward and bella go for their honeymoon
In the secondary market, analog tape recorders are considered what?
What law will it overturn?
who plays title role in phantom of the opera
what is estella 's last name in great expectations
What did the archeoologists find
Starting in September 2014, who was responsible for making appointments in the Church?
why did the government offer each railroad company building the transcontinental railroad land
To where was the battalion first deployed?
Did quake cause any deaths?
Where do doctors perform microorganism identification testing?
The author, Rex Stout, created a fictional detection that is fond of solving London Times' crossword puzzles that goes by what name?
who was the buddha and what did he do
who is the chief minister of nagaland now
What often lacks in software developed when its released that can eventually lead to errors?
when was sugauli treaty signed between britain india and nepal
where was conquest of the planet of the apes filmed
who played detective green on law & order
By 1460, who controlled most of the territory south and west of the Rhine?
How far away is Hurricane Ana from the Leeward Islands?
when was electricity first used in homes in the us
Who earns his first call-up to the senior squad?
who plays connor 's father on chicago med
what does the name yusuf mean in islam
when does a wronkle in time come out
when does how to get away with a murderer come back on season 4
who sings i guess that 's my church
What includes topics like bitwise encoding, collation, and rendering?
What type of government did Burke think would be inept?
Who decided the content that would be delivered in a particular madrasah?
Who was the political enemy of the Patriots?
The city of New Haven wants to redevelop/build what sort of structure?
What did the army do?
who plays jason west in gavin and stacey
who became allies with america after the battle of saratoga
who was charged
who played nigel in never say never again
who are the club pros playing in the pga championship
who sings find out who your friends are
How many sides of a star does a planted orbiting a distant star show?
Who canceled 69 flights for Tuesday?
What did Hume bring to empiricism?
Vinny Hickerson is a singer in  which  country duo ?
Official says troops took which village?
What was Peter Stuyvesant's title?
where does the storm heads to?
what is the name of hong kong metro system
How much success did France have in adding European territory with this approach?
who sang fly me to the moon originally
what 's the purpose of the statue of liberty
the primary reason that a firm has an investment in working capital is to
If an object made no difference to any other entity, what could be said about it?
What town were the III Corps able to capture?
What was the name of the 1975 film?
who was the voice of belle in the original beauty and the beast
What is the official version of "In God We Trust" printed on the coins? 
Until when was the Lonja used to quarter troops?
how many seasons did law and order criminal intent run
what have Tamil fighters called for
who plays henry mills on once upon a time
Who hosted the competitions?
What are non-rock styles that post-punk used as inspiration?
Whose experts all exclude the injury being a wound as a result of gunshot?
In which year did Portugal decriminalize drug possession?
where does the movie gone with the wind take place
in 1982 argentina fought a war with britain over
where did dr cox go to medical school
When was the convenience store clerk killed?
Is a person's brain fully developed by the time they reach puberty?
who gave the slogan jai hind to the nation
who presented in parliament the last separated railway budget of india
who was the letter sent to
What was realized after Planck's discovery?
Who defeated Samantha Stosur in the semifinals?
Which city's Bridge closed?
When housing prices declined, who reported significant losses from being heavily invested in subprime MBS?
where is the open golf championship being held this year
How much is Cuba slashing imports by?
who played the log lady on twin peaks
What did the hearing highlight?
where is the outside of holby city filmed
What price was set for Football League television rights in 1986?
The Chinese coverage of torch relay events has been accused by Western reporters as being what?
What age did she die at?
Where is the court hearing scheduled?
where was fear the walking dead season 3 filmed
what was the last year honda element was made
Along with Rome and Jerusalem, what traditional pilgrimage site saw a greater number of visitors in the High Middle Ages?
what was the name of the maid on the jeffersons
Who was one of the five inductees of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame?
who struck two vehicles?
How much did VHS cost to produce by the 1990s?
Forbes.com placed Notre Dame at what position compared to other US research universities?
who has the power to confirm supreme court nominees
what does the white symbolise in the indian flag
what says Industry Experts?
what is the blood alcohol limit in usa
What are the estimated losses?
The U.S. 7th Fleet moves ships and planes away from what?
How many Armenians speak Russian natively?
In neutering, what is removed in a male dog?
As what  did the law of 81 BC view human sacrifice?
how is risk defined in the context of information technology and information security
What type of design is featured here?
What is the nickname for the Swiss national football team?
when is the dative case used in german
What is he assuming?
When was the Polio vaccine created?
who killed scarface in the end of the movie
What did the teen tell WSVN?
Real can reduce the gap with victory away to third-placed Valencia  when?
who used the springfield rifle in the civil war
In what year were the first streetcars used in Seattle?
what is he being charged with?
when did we bought a zoo come out
What year was the baby shaken to death born?
how many premier league titles has arsenal won
What happened when Eisenhower was threatened with a court martial for his support for offensive tank tactics?
What were the great powers of 1914 called?
On what date did the battle of Spicheren take place?
Who is the Judiciary system made up of?
who is the mayor of east brunswick nj
when does the new season of love and hip hop new york start
What was the number of children sent by Castro to the US
what is larry from the amazing world of gumball
Who do the movie's performers include?
what did Ismail say
who sailed into shark bay in western australia 1616
After Apple's failed desktop sales, what products drove their sales growth?
What did Gibson star in?
when was i can only imagine first recorded
What does the sheriff reject allegations of?
how many members died?
What has opened along Oregon's northern coast?
Who was killed?
when do you get a new ball in test cricket
which disney princess did not get married at the end of the movie
Who did the Estonians defeat in the Battle of Swienta?
who plays shere khan in the jungle book 2016
Who analyzed the fragment?
The rains are the worst of how long?
when did they do n 't really care about us come out
When will Conan O'Brien take over the show?
the passage of which act led colonial leaders to form the first continental congress
who wrote the hymn how firm a foundation
Which State Assembly passes bill?
when did god save the king became national anthem
who presides over the meetings of a municipal corporation
What did the defense ask for?
Where did the mine go off?
who won best actor academy award in 1969
Who aims to save threatened frogs?
Are their any mental health proffesionals that have programs to change sexual orientation?
which president was the general in charge of the union army during the civil war
whats Florida congresswoman calls partnership welcomed news?
What was in the center of each Roman camp?
What can bikes do?
who has the least punishments on impractical jokers
who does the voice of templeton in charlotte web
Who is deputy first minister of Northern Ireland?
Why is the use of solar balloons typically limited to the toy market?
Why was Britain mainly interested in solid fuel rockets?
who is the book of galatians addressed to
what team did the eagles lose to in the super bowl
Where in the world is Wigan?
the ICTR was created in November 1995 by which branch of the UN?
when did mulk raj anand get sahitya academy award
Who ranked Houston the 23rd most walkable of the 50 largest cities in the US?
Who did the Cubs hire in response to Jim Hendry's promotion?
What did Taínos women start doing to their infants?
Who said the items may be safely locked away?
who was the second prime minister of kenya
Number of troops that are still alive?
where does most of the wood come from
In which season were contestants first allowed to use musical instruments?
who plays penny on the big bang theory
Who argued that Popper's falsificationism was just as logically untenable as Logical Positivism's verificationism?
Who join G-20 security effort?
what regulates the timing of the cell cycle in eukaryotes
who does tom have an affair with desperate housewives
where did it land
What is the smallest administrative unit in Germany?
What are the days of working in Israel?
What is an example of a language that is not restricted to properties of human language?
where is the school shooting in broward county
What is David Goldman's wifes name?
Where does Kapoor live?
what did the governor call for
What is Tibet exempt from?
who is daniel ortega
whats the most used word in the english language
In what century did Plymouth cease to be a vital trading port?
the number of these per state is determined by a states population
when was call of duty black ops 2 made
what was the main religion of the plymouth colony
Why do mountains between 19N and 19S tend to have snow?
Who does Georgia blame?
What did the mayor of Cinque Terre say?
What does Fuqua discuss?
who has won all four golf majors in one year
who uses a signalling system known as tick tack
How long is the amount of railway lines that are electrified?
What happened to George Zinkhan?
In the late nineties, what was considered the rate of cable-borne elevator problems? 
How many times could the lost water fill up Chesapeake Bay?
What is the name of the Iranian president?
the moment when a sperm penetrates an ovum and unites with it is called
What do 36 states face?
where does british columbia get its oil from
Madonna's dance singles reached which number in the "Hot Dance Club Songs" by the Billboard Magazine?
What does Charles say calling the victims looters does?
What did Taylor write on Twirrer ?
what is the meaning of the word chineke
What kind of scanners are being deployed?
Where do the stairs interrupting 187th street lead to?
Who gave Chopin instruction on how to play the organ?
What is the longest uninterrupted border within the European Union?
when did the mayflower set sail from england
What rule is Brazil accused of practicing?
where is the ncaa basketball championship game being played 2018
The appearance of more systematic, abstract thinking is a notable aspect of what type of development during adolescence?
Where was the funeral?
Where was the headquarters of the Western Roman Empire?
Who is reviewing the case?
when did grey 's anatomy season 13 start
What age is the man arrested?
who is David Brown?
What two types of education does BYU strive to excel in while combining?
What was the navy patrolling for?
Who used Thracians and Agrianes as light cavalry?
What topic does the second part of the Siddhanta Shiromani contain?
How many frame/field rates were primarily being used in 1983?
Who was responsible for landscaping the Manuscript Society building?
rad52 is involved in which type of dna damage repair
which type of air masses are associated with dry cool weather
What are the coordinates for Norfolk Island?
when did the last kingdom hearts game come out
when did wales win the last grand slam
who owns harrah 's casino in new orleans
the eastern limit of the harappa culture was
Why are high-index glasses valued?
What political system did Gaddafi claim was less democratic than the General People's Committees?
Who called 911 before being shot to death?
What does "Meija era"
What kind of weather event is a recurring problem for Houston?
Where are the kidnappers believed to be from
who does the voice for the dad in incredibles 2
What is the reason they need to leave?
Which President says that a number of Countries support Argentina's position?
How far did the jet skid?
What is one of Boccaccio's works that helped promote the Italian language?
Macau's legal system comes from what tradition?
What program did Hussein want to start again ?
Paul Burrell was employed as butler by whom?
what is the 3rd race of the triple crown
when did they get rid of figures in figure skating
What adjective did CNET use to describe the PS3 Super Slim's design?
what were the blimps used for in ww2 in london
In what way can Neutral triatomic hydrogen exist?
What percentage did sales increase?
How does bacteria help to sustain life in hydrothermal vents and cold seeps?
who does ryan date in season 4 of the oc
What type of agriculture is popular in the CAR?
Who is the face of Burberry
Which general turned himself over to Donato Guerra?
who is the black badger in central intelligence
Which regional boss was arrested?
How are people defined as "black" or "white"?
How did US President Kennedy die?
What was the percentage by 2050?
What city did celebrations erupt
What cities in and out flights were cancelled?
who wrote the theme from schindler 's list
How did non-standard gauge trains start to operate with high-voltage AC?
Who is Secretary of State?
What does one racial pioneer say about pressure?
south africa highest score against india in odi
What is the name of politicians in New Hampshire who having a very close race for the second place?
which president have nominated the most supreme court justices
When was the Water Tribunal declared a cultural heritage of humanity?
3 . the drakensberg has the 2nd highest waterfall in africa . what 's it called
when did the astros move to minute maid park
What report said the data could not be substantiated or traced to a reliable data source?
What is the back up blan?
Are Greeks in danger of contributing vastly to the problem of population control ?
who won the 2017 wimbledon men 's singles
who was rebecca in the bible married to
How many customers will be able to fly each day?
what did the scientist's team announced?
Who took control of the device?
what is a uncharacterized discharge from the army
Who was the promoter, director and organizer of the first public library in Montevideo?
Who was the father of John Manners, Marquess of Granby?
when did the last civil war person died
Lots of older buildings are supported by what?
What is used in situations where ambiguity must be avoided?
Who conducted the 2007 study?
who is the deputy prime minister of the bahamas
What is the name of the Syrian President?
what is the maximum sentence?
How were original settlers of the area able to move between islands?
What was the first public hospital founded in the United States?
What is Robert Black's job?
What is the population of Valencia's urban area?
Who gave information on the gem industries in Burma ?
Who scores the only goal for Fulham?
How many high-level Communists were purged in the Slansky trial?
Vibration-sensitive neurons are found in what part of the ear?
When did the SSA open its largest videoconferencing-only center?
hwo many ranger was killed
what kind of seals are in nova scotia
Following what event was it uncertain if Shell would recommence drilling?
who appoints the members of the board of govenors of the federal reserve
when was the last time a veto was overridden
when was the second blue water bridge built
What did analysts say?
Who did Pamela Stephenson talk about her marriage to?
who was the filipino doctor who discovered the antibiotic erythromycin
when will the cruise for women sets sail?
What are are the Egyptian twin boys?
What is under way
In what year was the Motion Picture Trust created?
what does the epa need to do
what does the director say?
what was accused grandson?
how many decks of cards do you need to play canasta
which country 's team has won the 2017 fifa under 17 worldcup
Who was the head of production at Universal-International Pictures?
Where was his 2 year old daughter found?
What title does United Technologies Corporation hold?
when was mao and buddha collections launched?
What year was the Hammond-Harwood House built?
what is the Sri Lankan President name?
who played scar in the lion king movie
where is the uvea of the eye located
when was bottled water first sold in the uk
when does new season of america next top model start
Who made the final decision?
who does millie bobby brown play in stranger things
What year was Kaka named World Player?
as blues moved into chicago 's south side what style of blues developed
What job did Harper Lee start in New York City?
What book holds the earliest reference to 'classical music'?
What example city service was cut back on in the Bronx?
What was the result of the victory for the Austrians?
who plays jeepers creepers in the 3rd movie
What gossip did Prince Albert hear about their son?
how many schools have won a national championship in football
what amount of people died in the crash
What has his wife done?
What field of science studies the brain and the central nervous system?
In the last years of his life who was the person that supported him financially?
Who used Quran for target practice?
What was the name of the cyclone?
What does the roof stomp tradition signify in the US Air Force?
where does the story the storm take place
What did the scandal show flaws in?
How many people were left dead after gun battle?
What became Longs obsession?
when did the texas chainsaw massacre come out
when Bike Week in Daytona Beach, Florida, began?
How many major victories does Jack Nicholas have
What is the USAF?
who scored for southampton in the fa cup final
golden temple is made up of which type of rock
when was the film wizard of oz made
How many Tanner stages are there?
What is Michelle Obama wearing?
who wrote the night they drove ole dixie down
What are the four shielded wires in the USB 2.0 variant used for?
What does the company own?
Which Yale president assisted with New Haven's revitalization efforts?
who won Novak?
What two words is 'gastropub' a portanteau of?
airways that supply one lobe of a lung are called
the law of the sea treaty established a uniform territorial sea of
where did leaders gathered
At what time did the radio executive start the day?
Who opposed the Hungarian army at the Battle of Mohács?
In the years between 1918 and 1940 how many Estonian language books were printed?
what did the eyewitness describe?
What was the cause of Borlaug's death?
What is the head of Bermuda's government referred to as?
who is hosting who wants to be a millionaire
when did prince edward island become a province
how many keys does a piano have full size
who must release the remaining prisoners?
What has Vera Lynn done?
Who stepped in to mediate the row?
who is the girl in to kill a mockingbird
When was the fourth satellite for the BeiDou-1 system launched?
Did Mraz appeared on "American Idol"?
who plays the phantom of the opera 2004
Where was Touma's body found?
who played the gnome king in return to oz
how many chapters in the walking dead comic
who did ali fight in the rumble in the jungle
When was Electroluminescence discovered?
How can land-based SAMs be deployed?
Where are the elections taking place?
when is rupaul all stars 3 coming out
What is forcing an "effective prevention" approach?
mission san carlos borromeo de carmelo building materials
What happened to him ?
Where was one of the teenagers shot?
What is causing the Pakistan government to be so easily weakened?
when does the dragon ball super english dub come out
When did he plead guilty?
What is the deathtoll?
Who would take a golf hiatus?
Who was strangled to death?
where does broccoli come from in the us
who owned the 13 colonies before the us
Who is dropping 5 TV channels?
when was the last time cleveland browns were in the playoffs
What is "Adventureland" about?
What countries promise to continue aid and support for Pakistan?
What is the similarity between Catalan and Italian?
What effect is the Ryanair boss hoping coin-operated toilets will have on their passengers?
Where did Jack Kilby work at when he created the first IC?
What was the title of Huizinga's 1919 book on the Middle Ages?
How might wasted power be salvaged?
who wrote the theme song to hawaii 5-0
What do devout Muslims consider it offensive to depict?
with which two countries did austria-hungary form the triple alliance
what is the hottest natural temperature ever recorded on earth
What states that energy tends to become more evenly spread out across the universe?
what percentage of the california economy is agriculture
What are some countries that have multiple powerful political parties?
What is Eton's rowing club called?
Under whose reign did the Church of England part from Rome?
who sang cant help falling in love with you
If Neptune formed closer to the sun, what is the matter density?
who did the voice of mack in cars
the day the earth stood still famous phrase
What can be absent from the bacterial genome?
Plan would save or create how many million jobs?
where do they play the players golf tournament
What doesn't circumcision reduce the risk of?
what says the new policy?
how much does runner up win in us open
What does the UN distribute?
who is the general manager of the new york yankees
What is the Bolivian leader going to review with the Iranian president?
Who said that OSHA involvement is standard procedure?
If a PCB is intended for use in an setting with extreme conditions, what would probably be applied?
What type of annelid fossils have been found from the mid Ordovician period?
who plays the in the night garden characters
At what times is Independant service best utilized?
What are the main subjects that are covered by the instructor?
What did police say?
What was the purpose of studying natural sciences in madaris?
Who founded Sin Hwa Dee?
What year was there a huge fire?
Which of Whitehead's books is known as one of the most important works in mathematical logical?
What code had been active for 900 years in the Byzantine empire?
Unlike synthetic languages, what do Hokkien sentences not indicate?
where was the battle of the fallen timbers
What country did the incident occur in
who has the most stage wins in tour de france
What is the carnival cruise ship called?
what was on the bill
Where can you take a break from the heat and traffic?
what are the names of the twin cities in minnesota
What price is the cheapest for a treatment?
when does jackson avery come on the show
when did the apple iphone 4 come out
who is hosting the miss america pageant 2018
Which basic topographical area is in central Switzerland?
when was the first mercedes g class made
who wore the darth vader costume in star wars
Why did Sichuan see some communist activity?
when was the last time florida was hit by a hurricane
who organized the elements in a periodic table for the first time where was he from
What collection did Queen Mary take an interest in by adding and restoring pieces?
What were the people using during the protest?
who sang at world cup 2018 opening ceremony
Where did Kerry go to college?
Where is Tropical Storm Ike moving toward?
How did whitehead define "experience"?
What was found in the two cars?
How much was the fund?
How long was trip from Michigan to Ghana?
What was the prevailing style of adult contemporary music in the 1970s?
where does nausicaa daughter of king alcinous find odysseus
The bail was set at how much?
who played carly on days of our lives
How many people lived in Mexico City in 1921?
when was the last time ottawa made the finals
what was the golden state warriors first name
In a multi-layer board, what metal would a ground plane be mostly made out of?
Where will the new york run benefit?
the l � guage used for standard zoological nomenclature is
what term refers to the visible part of the tooth
What did Woods ask for?
what did obama do
where is disney land located in the united states
Which terms are used in describing sexual desires?
In what two forms of media is the Daily Kansan available?
What language is spoken in northwest Spain?
what are the teams in the little league world series
Which Cathedral is considered the first thoroughly Gothic cathedral?
How many albums has Rihanna released?
After what event in France did  asphalt begin to be used for pavements and assorted other uses?
what is the most electronegative atom on the periodic table
What do officials estimate?
who played sax on a million love songs
Avoidance of unwholesome actions and use of positive actions is called what?
where is the ileum located in the body
who plays harmonica on i feel for you
where was this event
who played harry on sex and the city
When did the work stoppage begin?
How many primary school students are learning Dutch in Nord-Pas-de-Calais?
Where was Bourland when the earthquake hit?
Who is the Sudanese president?
What is a zombie bank?
Along with Williamsburg, what city's rail traffic uses the Main Street Station?
who wrote baby you 're a rich man
Who experience guilt?
When did the storm happen?
What is a stay-at-home dad's work worth annually?
who has the most world series rings as a player
Who said the sentence was too short?
What did Napoleon use to justify his creation of an imperial system?
where does the saying the devil is beating his wife come from
At what team's game was an announcement by the AFL supposed to happen on October 30?
who is the actress that plays bay in switched at birth
What was  downgraded to tropical storm?
how did the french help america fight the british navy
when was to kill a mocking bird published
When did Syria offer amendments
Who did McLendon kill?
Most rooftop antenna's are polarized in which direction?
when did the song somewhere over the rainbow come out
when was the last time england made it to the quarterfinals
What non-local goods have archaeologists typically found in Britain of this era?
Who does Marin Cilic beat?
what is the role of a number 9 in football
To what dynasty was Kashmir sold in 1849?
who played penny in lost in space 2018
which internet web portal changed its name to altaba inc
what kind of light is a grow light
What is the most used language in Catalonia?
who was the first pope and how was he appointed
When will R.E.M. be releasing a live CD/DVD?
What is the defining feature of angiosperms?
Islamic political philosophy was rooted in what sources? 
who invented the overhead valve engine?
where had astonishing beauty
After the 19th century about how much of the Greek population resided in little Asia ?
Which sub class are most viviparous mammals in?
metal gear solid 5 when does it take place
How long did the Sea Wolves stay in Hartford?
What was the date of her first exam?
Who was the founder of natural morphology?
who played sheriff farley in my cousin vinny
Which 1980s war victory helped Britain seem more like a world power again?
Which event brought upon a lot of Irish immigrants to NYC?
when did the samsung galaxy s6 come out
which industry has the highest fatality rate on an annual basis
Which two Asian countries have started to adopt the rule of law?
Are early or late maturing boys generally taller and stronger than their friends?
What does Link morph into in A Link to the Past?
What was it used for?
who sings the song when i see you smile
Who is considered the best performer on the show?
who won the last 4 majors in golf
Who carries floral arrangements of penis-like veggies?
where did they crash in the mountain between us
where do springs form with respect to the water table
when did sa re ga ma pa start
What do architecture schools look at more and more nowadays?
From what building do the two public radio stations broadcast?
In what year was Prince Menshikov sent to the Ottoman Sublime Porte?
What artist released the best selling album of the 1970s?
who developed the first procedure used to measure the local size of an earthquake
Who adored Burke's chivalry?
What was in the suitcase found by Israeli police divers?
Where else beside the SCN cells are independent circadian rhythms also found?
the himalaya mountains are an example of what type of tectonic boundary
When did the US declare independence?
What was the date of the final ruling?
in odi cricket which cricketer has the most runs batting at number 11
How did the republic of liberia begin?
The Seljuk Empire was influenced by the cultures of others resulting in it being referred to as what?
how long is earth 's rotation on its axis
Where did shoppers head to?
Who rejects the theory that the increased use of artillery by the French was due to declining quality of infantry and numbers of cavalry?
who is the current coach of the cleveland browns
what is the name of the elf queen in lord of the rings
who is the writer of hunter x hunter
Who said Scientology is cult?
where was the movie the spy who loved me filmed
where was the last total solar eclipse in usa
When did the disorder first show up in the United States?
who shot barry in i know what you did last summer
who won the seven day battle civil war
What style of building is the Montevideo Metropolitan Cathedral? 
what is the most used word in written english
what mineral in 4 ga sandstones was dated to determine the age of the earth
when was the dove self esteem fund created
who did the original version of last kiss
Whose supporters rallied at police station?
Who did Beethoven write "Fur Elise" for?
What was Lawson convicted of?
What is the identity of the girl found?
On what date did the quake happen?
where is till death do us part from
who is responsible for protecting citizens from internal threats
Who is Roman Polanski?
What Republicans plan?
when does criminal minds season 13 come out
How does the US Air Force differ from other branches of the military?
In CST, what triggers a destructive immune response?
Did the GSDP of Delhi in 2011-12 increase or decrease from the previous fiscal year?
how long will it take
How many Americans consider China a threat?
how many episodes in the royals season 3
What color were attendees asked to not wear at Bell's funeral?
why was the capital of south carolina relocated from charleston to columbia in 1786
how often do they play for the world cup
How far did she lead by?
What job did Robert Ross have?
Which company is responsible for the HD version of Twilight Princess?
Who is Kristin Davis?
What type of trace is often narrower than a ground trace?
In what year, was the first Nobel Prize in Physics won?
How does Houston rank as a walkable city?
In addition to their full names, what else is included in the preamble that identifies the parties to a treaty?
What is the average percentage of uranium oxide contained in the ores mined in the Athabasca Basin?
What online publication ran a feature from a Comcast employee in 2014 that received attention?
when did the cubs first win the world series
cell bodies of the sensory neurons of the spinal nerves are located
What other city that's in a different country can you easily visit from here?
What is the reason why Hispanic woman learn of breast cancer later in life?
According to a poll, what percentage of New Jersey voters opposed the takeover of Atlantic City by the state?
kinship traced through the mother 's family is called what kind of descent
Who baptized him?
What was the name of the choir F. Mellus Christiansen used?
who founded the naacp and what was their purpose
What will be interrupted?
how many games do you have to win in the nba finals to be champions
when is the last time auburn beat lsu
where do convection cells occur in the earth
What sort of evidence exonerated Riley's father?
What did the Black Guard do?
Where are the schools located?
who played la in night at the museum
how many buffalo wild wings locations in the us
what does trip mark
what 's the name of star lord 's ship
who plays the punisher on the netflix show
What does it look like?
What was said about the talks?
Who did the Spanish want to take José Manuel González-Páramo's seat on the board?
what happened in october 28
When was the attack on Michael Brewer?
What makes mosses different from other land plants?
what kind of crab are caught on deadliest catch
What thoroughfare in New Haven features the only highway tunnel in Connecticut?
where does oxidation take place in an electrochemical cell
how did the calusa tribe get their food
when do big mouth season 2 come out
what drug did tony soprano take in vegas
who played jennifer in back to the future 1
What is one of the important functions of the OCA in dealing with attacks? 
when did man utd move to old trafford
Who is the highest-ranking official in the People's Government of Zhejiang?
What did Obama promise during his run?
What fluids are in Neptune's interior? 
What is the name of the process under development at the Weizmann Institute?
who plays finn in my big fat diary
how many times have tom brady been to superbowl
What are they accused of?
where is 800 words set in new zealand
What was the age of Max Gilpin?
What did the protesters want Georgia to leave?
What team did Bayern Munich beat 2-1 ?
Where was the crash
who won the west coast conference basketball tournament
How was this achievement of advancing culture undertaken ?
who won championships trophy in cricket match in london
What indulges male fantasies?
who sings in the song fiction by avenged sevenfold
who won 1st medal in asian games 2018 for india
What is a multi-point control unit?
Who were not identified by name on the census before the civil war?
Only who can handle the ball with his hands?
who plays the gargoyles in hunchback of notre dame
In what century did the Soga family take the throne?
the northwest ordinance of 1787 created the process by which
Were the Spanish able to police the backwoods settlements 
How many districts make up the Kathmandu Valley urban area?
For how many weeks is Lima banned?
Who was able to produce clones of mice dead and frozen for 16 years?
Where did the OAU summit in July 1999 occur?
When did young people show concern?
what was the name of the leader of the 26th of july movement
What magnitude was the earthquake?
when did veterans day start being called veterans day
what are theme parks doing
Swiss embassy staffer was seen with who?
chemist who contributed towards the discovery of oxygen
How many infants are dead?
who says one million killed
who were the first brothers inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame
What is the average temperature range in the Congo during the night time?
Who has tested the vaccines so far?
when was o sacred head now wounded written
How many districts in pakistans volitile tribal region?
Who helped the human rights campaign increase to 725,000 members?
An 1830 sonnet was written about Chopin by what man?
How many birds are routinely raised in the world for the consumption process?
Where is the music school run?
where did frodo have to take the ring
how many episodes are in season 5 of gossip girl
sharks rays and skates belong to what group
Who did Castillo shoot?
Which ethnic group become dominant following the 13 century just a few hundred years later?
when did law & order criminal intent go off the air
How man feet above sea level is Mexico City
What did Buddha's father want him to become?
what does ahmadinejad say?
How many nations do the twenty-five foreign banks represent?
What did McCain say about it?
hiw many episodes in season 7 walking dead
What did the crew not consult
what did hefner say
who played the soccer coach in the pink panther
Who could die from new strain?
Can DC systems use low-level platform?
what is the cathedral of art in mexico
write the name of two kings of chahamanas dynasty
when does the incredibles 2 soundtrack come out
What is the choice of Sotomayor based on?
Which calendars were among the first to appear?
Who cancelled 300 flights?
Why did the Iranians down the plane?
Who created an office to study these effects?
Whose government is in power?
who won the nba summer league this year
Who received the Nobel Prize in 1921 for his work on the photoelectric effect?
What year was a second charter made to establish the borders of Carolina?
What other location does the Canada First Defence Strategy Cover?
what are the sequels to 50 shades of grey
Where did Pope Francis commemorate his death on 3 June?
On which network does the program exist?
What is the average age of the onset of the phobia?
what could an antenna with complete electrical efficiency be said to have?
what does the word stay mean in legal terms
which is bigger kansas city mo or ks
How many square kilometers of land do the Marshall Islands cover?
What is used to mold Prestal?
What is the number of dead in Ecuador?
Who introduced the term biological diversity to the scientific community?
did the bill pass
What was the Las Vegas round called in season twelve?
when did italy last win the world cup in soccer
What does Kennedy have a history of avoiding?
What is froth flotation used for?
In which year did Billaut capture Chihuahua?
the dominant source of precipitation in the moist subtropical climate is
What major award was given to Padma Vibhushan E. Sreedharan for his contribution the the Delhi Metro?
who sings the song you are my starship
How long is the flight?
What was Northwestern's founding purpose in 1851?
countries that have italian as an official language
Who lead the study?
how many languages are there in the south african national anthem
What rating system is often used by TCM?
What language is the word dialectus from?
what is the scientific name for photographic memory
When was the training for the TA supposed to resume?
when does season 6 of game of thrones start
who 's played the most nba playoff games
what is the meaning of the name raymond
who sang nothing gon na change my love
what is the font apple uses on its website
Which president did South Korea bid farewell to?
who plays eddie the eagle in the film
when did the population registration act is passed
what was the plane doing before the crash?
Who called the project, "misplaces priority"?
If your were unsure of the authenticity of an ancient text how could you verify it?
When should you contribute to a 401(k)?
which state has highest coal reserve in india
what song goes the roof the roof the roof is on fire
Who did Richard talk to?
who won test series between india and south africa
Who said "This is a bitter defeat"?
Who arrived in Doha, Qatar?
Where does the rugby team play 
Which route was a central post in Kiev?
In what city are Universal Studios' corporate offices located?
who has the fastest serve in tennis history
How many classes of pain does the IASP system note?
what is the coast guard emergency hf frequency
what shows the rocket
Which operating systems are compatible with iTunes?
who started the fresh prince of bel air
who plays quinn on how i met your mother
What amount of nicotine can children absorb on wet days
What is sometimes used to check the accuracy of a translation?
In Italy, the eastern projection beyond the transept often contains what?
who played the oompa loompas in charlie and the chocolate factory
what european countries are entirely west of the prime meridian
What does the Act require all hunters over the age of sixteen to do?
who does greg like in diary of a wimpy kid
How much has Obama limited individual donations to?
How long is the term for Vice-Chair of the Supervisory Board?
when was on the good ship lollipop written
What did the editorial say?
what is the name of the joint stock company that founded jamestown
who was a in season 1 pretty little liars
Which Hindu philosophy concerns dualism?
what does mad stand for in the cold war
who invented the train to station communication system
How much is the fine FAA proposed?
where does the name the beatles come from
What did Jane Fonda say about her father?
ER ran for how many seasons?
Who is Northwestern's faculty member notable for being a Holocaust denier?
Where does the AG2R originate from?
Which two-time Super Bowl winner graduated from BYU?
who plays charlie on the bold and beautiful
where does Pitt say talking on the phone is rude
Who was suspended by UEFA?
who plays jon snow in games of thrones
What happens in the UK every five years?
Who was hurt on Saturday?
What is the name of the upper house of the Marshall Islands Parliament?
What protest is scheduled for December 10th?
How many finalists made it to the finals for seasons two and three?
Who was arrested?
when was andrew marr 's history of the world made
Where does the Mile of Sculptures start?
who has the most strike outs in mlb
when was the last time rangers won stanley cup
Where is Jack Price being treated?
how many seasons of full house is there
Who is Paul Gardner?
Who's the runner-up against South Africa?
who wrote there 's nothing holdin me back
where does the movie family stone take place
What time were the Jews forbidden to be in town after?
Who does the African National Congress say should calm down?
Before the invasion of what area was human sacrifice carried out?
Where is Sheikh Issa from?
What venue hosted the Hollywood round on American Idol for the first time in 2009?
What happened to those Jews who remained?
What year was the first game of the first world series played?
what is active on all fronts
who plays the wildling woman in game of thrones
how long is the ban
Where are shoppers not deterred by the cold weather?
How much did Armenia spend to fix up their sports schools?
To what capacity are the flights filled on busy days?
Where will the Tesla manufacturing plant be located?
Vinters have adopted solar technology to do what?
What was he a candidate for?
What is the average concentration of copper in ores?
where does kevins family go in home alone
who plays chef jeff on switched at birth
fundamental right available only to citizen of india
who plays miss honey in matilda the musical
What percentage of scientists from 1450–1650 in the Dictionary of Scientific Biography were taught in a university?
when does season 5 of being human start
Outside of the blood of the saints, on what did the woman on the scarlet horned beast become drunken?
who is the us department of education secretary
What kinds of unwanted sounds are often heard at high frequencies?
When did the American Idol Experience open?
Which province were hundreds of people killed across?
When did the 34-year old supposedly retire?
Upstate New York, Vermont, New Hampshire and Maine could get how much snow ?
What was Dekraai's ruling?
when does ted meet the mother in season 9
What does "As they See 'Em" concentrate on?
when has easter ever fallen on april 1st
number of rooms in venetian hotel las vegas
cast of cat on a hot tin roof film
What year does the city plan on having a bicycle infrastructure?
Who did Austria feel threatened by?
How many pages had Darwin's sketch grown to in 1844?
what word in english is the most common spoken word
What newspaper reported on Schwartz's dismantlement of the US Air Force's class system?
who sings in the heat of the night song
What are some of the negative things adolescents are susceptible to?
what are popular items
how many people are killed per year?
what law was passed by congress to limit the presidents military power
when did the wild card start in baseball
What did most Prussians fall under?
Who will have therapy?
With whom will Obama meet?
What locale was used to house imprisoned Parliamentarians after the restoration of Charles II?
Who offered the resolution in the Senate?
Who did the Communists blame for the damage in the Conventry raids?
What attacked mosque during prayers?
How much of Greece's economy is comprised of industrial sectors?
which national football team does chelsea star fernando tores play for
How do scientists around the world continue to conceptualize race?
What was Ruskin's career? 
What was Frédéric's favorite environment to perform in?
when did the first talking movie come out
In which year did the Synod of Constantinople confirm the veneration of images of Mary?
Who work in the style of carving a traditional seal in the script?
What historical mission is a major tourist attraction in San Diego?
What were National Guard members considered before 1903?
the guy who plays the phantom of the opera
who plays sam 's dad in a cinderella story
Where is the memorial for the Armenian Genocide?
THe  concrete barriers are how high
who wrote A dream of Red Mansions?
What did he use?
what did they overlook?
where does the colorado river in texas originate
What is the one way Hayek argued that resource distribution could succeed?
Prior to 1987 when was the last large release of prisoners?
What are the two dialectical groups of Catalan?
What will sanctions mean?
What component was to blame for the weak bass of the 3rd generation iPod?
The dead of what war were the first to be commemorated by the Virginia War Memorial?
What is the name of Travolta's dead son?
where is the opening scene of the italian job
who is the chief of state in south korea
What was the iceberg named?
who played in last year 's fa cup final
when do derek and meredith get a kid
what is the purpose of median in statistics
What was the temperature in Houston?
How much aid did the U.S. cancel?
What damage is caused by the product?
where was the i had a dream speech given
is california on the east or west coast
what was feller diagnosed with?
What was Baby P's real name?
who sings it 's a long way to the top
how old is the girl who played matilda now
What substance was found in the mail?
What has been called the weapon of choice for insurgents?
artists of the new york school of abstract expressionism produced paintings that are abstract but
Who studied New York county after the slaying?
who plays hyde on once upon a time
where is helium located on the periodic table
the fourteen points plan called for the creation of a diplomatic organization known as the
What religious group was in charge of Rome's sacred flame?
who killed BHutto?
Who met in peace talks with France at Geneva?
who played the clown in the movie it 1990
Some people feel that corruption actually reduces costs because it cuts what?
where are they playing the 2018 pga championship
who did the voice of the sorting hat in harry potter
Of what nationality was John Wycliffe?
Who published the app?
Where has Pakistan moved troops?
Where is the Harry Winston store?
What species shows more difference in size, looks and actions than any other?
name one of winnie the pooh 's friends
Who was named the player of the year?
Who got a posthumous award
what is a post after a root canal
when 's the last time georgia won the national championship
Who has a calf injury?
What is intermarriage typically seen as?
how many killed
where is the nobel peace prize center located
Who was the first known Presbyterian in England?
What happened when Gautama left the palace grounds?
When did it happen?
With which of his friends did Schwarzenegger start a bricklaying company?
who plays eyeball paul in kevin and perry
what is the evil eye called in greek
Lice and bed bugs are considered what kind of insect?
where is the dry tortugas national park located
When were cog-railways built in the Alps?
what is the name of sanam re movie heroine
In what battle did Rome claim victory over several Latin cities in?
what is the mission off troops
Who was responsible for the handling of the Roman census?
Who said the term 'intellectual property' "operates as a catch-all"?
What are the two top types of NPOs?
Who did Bob Ewell attack during the story?
What was Slumdog Millionaire nominated for?
who wrote a room of one 's own
Why did Caray often playfully quarrel with Stone?
What did Viktor Bout try to sell?
when does the new mission impossible film come out
What do phosphor-based LEDs luminous efficacies depend on?
who wrote babe i 'm gon na leave you lyrics
when did eddie guerrero win the wwe championship
What was the final number of performances in Avenue X's original run?
who was shot dead
who owned the chicken place in breaking bad
which is the busiest train station in the uk
What is to blame for increase in hunger?
What evidence made reference to fires?
What did the spokesman say about the President?
when did disney world start using magic bands
What is the name of the standard related to the materials used in solar water heaters?
How many passengers ride the Staten Island Ferry annually?
where is alcohol dehydrogenase found in the body
What portion of the world is considered to be most at risk for the rapid spread of the avian flu?
top 5 nba teams with the most championships
When was Weld re-elected governor?
who wrote the lyrics to star spangled banner
What kind of pain?
what evacuated all residents?
How many people in Seattle vote Democratic?
what is the purpose of the international date line
Who said that people were willing to spend more?
when did the first revelation of quran take place
Which country is K.J. Choi from?
Who named the city Boston?
in 1838 what company did the  East india dock company merge with? 
What did O'Reilly say?
the vark model states that everyone has a preferred style of
when did suit life on deck come out
when did the 40 year old virgin come out
who went # 1 in the 2017 nfl draft
where is the naica cave of crystals located
average number of trophic level in the food chain of an ecosystem are
What kind of medal was replaced in 1974?
john goodman 's character in the big lebowski
Who did the GNC eventually make prime minister?
who knocked out usa in 2014 world cup
What word describes the approximate rates at which sunset and sunrise change with the seasons?
who was convicted of murder
What is the Ohio based distributor's name?
how many times did the president of india declare national emergency
where does the mississippi river and ohio river meet
who has won the most grand slam singles tennis titles
How are views on race influenced?
Do the chefs of underground supper clubs have licenses?
how many episodes of game of thrones is there this season
when was the kashmir issue presented in united nation
the solution of the missing neutrino problem from the sun 's core was resolved by the discovery of
who won jon jones vs daniel cormier 1
who was prime minister when the queen was crowned
What did Man Utd's Evra accuse Liverpool's Luis Suarez of doing?
In 1988, how many clubs threateded to leave and form another league?
What was the price of the rhinestone-studded glove?
what did pt stand for in pt boats
What did the reviewer say?
what year did the oklahoma bombing take place
What year did FIFA change the ranking system?
What caused the frostbite case?
Why is a loss of energy difficult to measure by weight?
Who wanted to know the moment an anti-german bloc was to form?
Where did Broz marry Belousova?
What are human skin cells reprogrammed to do?
Where does the mandolin built by Antonio Vinaccia reside?
where do the nuclear and weak interaction forces occur
Besides climate changes, what other important activity occurred during the Mesozoic?
Who is credited with the campaign that defeated Tamil Tiger rebels?
What is forbidden in shark sanctuaries?
which command will display all the environment variables on the system
when was the plane landed on the hudson river
how many times is cat mentioned in the bible
What was the Treaty in 1871 called?
who won on wwe money in the bank
who played alice in once upon a time
When did this happen
what is the book the five love languages about
What was Darwin's process on writing his books?
how many celtic gods and goddesses are there
Dogs can understand and communicate with what other species?
when does the next flash episode come out
who sang the original version of a song for you
How many of the 900 students buried in a Dujiangyan school collapse survived?
where does the water in aquafina come from
How many years before a cardinal deacon can choose the order of the cardinal priests?
What do investigators continue to do?
Who is "The Complete Game" broadcaster?
Who stuck to his 50-state strategy?
who played henry in henry and the hendersons
By what time was Seattle the most rapidly growing city in the US?
What term is used to describe the belief that Mary remained a virgin for her entire life?
When was the second address to the UN by Elizabeth?
What film inspired the name of the iPod?
What did the shooter yell?
What is the phone number for the state department?
who wrote she got the goldmine i got the shaft
What Marvel character was specifically created to appeal to the UK market?
who wrote the poem the charge of the light brigade
What did Russert say?
What did Jensen poison his wife with?
What lead to staffing problems?
who played belle in new beauty and the beast
What does Clinton push?
When does the passion of Jesus fall?
What could Hanna return to later in the day?
What is the fastest yacht over 500 meters?
where can u find the ten commandments in the bible
What decade did House music first develop?
A network of who were exptected to announce the formation of a province?
How much money will be saved with the cuts?
what has the man built
What is the dominant religion of North Africa?
About what Canada criticized?
What is the name of Nancy Grace's debut novel?
when did spurs last win the fa cup
Lewis played what sport?
Which were the two biggest immigrant groups in Philadelphia?
What has Iran seen?
boundary line between north and south korea called
Who gave the Bronx an award in 1997?
who were the judges on the x factor
What is the name of Disney's new label?
What progression coincided with the the early Greek states that makes it difficult to give credit for the language and differences ? 
when was income tax introduced in the uk
What was a policy that Gaddafi instituted without support from the GPC?
who has the power to impeach federal officials
What is the size of the solar panels?
Which English football star marry in lavish ceremony?
who fought against the french and indian war
who touted their bipartisan efforts
What school of thought was Duns Scotus opposed to?
when were equal prize pots introduced?
What was the name of the general at the Ming fort?
when did the first tiger appeared on earth
how much land does a golf course need
who wrote words on the statue of liberty
Which forced evacuation of nearly 600 homes?
Who was Southern California-based IndyMac a spin-off of?
where did the baby come from in lois and clark
Who was the author of the 1943 Plan for Plymouth?
what movie did goldie hawn won an academy award for
Insects with fine scale spatial orientation live in colonies and where else?
Madonna's Material Girl recreated whose look?
when was the myers briggs type indicator developed
who stars in the movie?
who are the original members of grand funk railroad
Who will James Blake face in the final?
where are tempo markings written in a music score
Karl Lagerfeld is the new face of what company
who pays for the work done to the cars on overhaulin
What does Popper believe is essential to do to theories instead of justification?
Where is the tourist spot?
What did the Arthasastra say a king must use?
who created Billiton's aaluminumbusiness?
Where will the ABBA museum be built?
Was the surgery successful?
Which region has the 2nd largest rain-forest in the world?
What do they want to know?
when does the new season of law & order suv start
who is the movie aimed at
When did the UN ask Tuvalu to come up with a plan to improve drinking water?
Where is Saaremaa located?
What is the RNA molecule produced by the polymerase known as?
Other recent attacks are blamed on what?
who owns the breakers mansion in newport ri
What did Gazprom say?
Where is it held?
who provided the voice of the gecko in its debut
Which character in Taxi Driver deemed 122nd Street as "Mau Mau Land"?
In which year was a settlement reached regarding GE's pollution of the Housatonic River?
when did the russian empire start and end
Who would Richardson ask to step down?
Where was the first bridge built across the River Itchen?
In which state is Miami?
where was the netflix show the ranch filmed
What do judges say makes justice more convenient?
What is Rossi's age?
What is the main goal of sociology?
where is the bean located at in chicago
How often is the Seattle Poetry festival held?
when does phantom of the opera take place
where was the peace treaty with japan signed
What percent of the vote did he get?
the first vice president of india who became the president later
What happened when a roadside bomb hit vehicle?
Is it covered by insurance?
Did the issue sold well ?
According to The American Library Association, what rank did the book have among the most frequently challenged books from 2000 to 2009?
what is the name of president of kenya
where did the band judas priest get their name
What kind of aircraft is utilized by the USAF in Full Scale Aerial Targets?
when was the first chuck e cheese opened
Which two residences did Albert buy from Edward?
What 4 areas of the country did Columbia Records have manufacturers in?
who 's job is it to approve presidential appointments
What affects troop morale?
who tony fernandes is?
What affect do hops have in brewing when they brew for a long time?
What was the central part of Transoxiana called?
What event happened in October of 1917?
Who says Hunch works best for informational problems?
when did the british first arrived in north america
What book was 'Munich' based on?
What is the nationality of Justine Henin?
What animal does the fire threaten?
When did the war in Europe end?
What was the name of the doctrine that separated church and non-religious affairs?
What do rural Georgia's community developers say?
How many different words for the varieties of green exist in Latin?
Who occupied France?
who is the princess in prince of persia
What did the workers ignore?
When did Vitruvius create these plans?
What airports are involved?
who is the present textile minister of india
Who crossed the border?
Who was last ruler of Ptolemaic Kingdom?
who gets to lie in state at capitol
When did the battle for Mexico City take place
Who is to be arrested?
who has held the office of cm for long time
What do a lot of programs spend time waiting for?
who has the fastest serve in female tennis
What do Cypriot universities ignore when looking at admission?
when is the american league wild-card game being played
Who said he had 'war-gamed' the US?
What provides a fourth transfer mode?
when was oil discovered in trinidad and tobago
Who did Algeria blame?
when did the washington nationals become a baseball team
What authority did Gaddafi have over the Libyan armed forces?
Besides the stator and the communicator, what is an element of a DC motor?
when was the movie good will hunting made
Who pledges to cleanup?
What was the score of Netherlands vs Germany?
who is the winner of world of dance
Which dynasty formed after the Treaty of Leipzig? 
Where is Dettori's favorite recipe from?
Who wants the border between Turkey and Armenia opened?
who portrayed watson in the recent bbc show ' sherlock
Where were dozens of workers freed from?
where is the national championship football game being played this year
In what decade was Internet video-conferencing made possible?
who has won the most men 's tennis grand slam titles
An encoder that is proficient at encoding at higher bit rates might be worse at what?
In what century was Romanesque architecture first used?
What type of cuisine related events does the island host each year?
who is the woman astronaut who holds the world record of staying in the space for the longest time
Who took El Cid's position after his death?
how long can the flood tolerent rice survive
Who attacked the eastern part of Nigeria's Niger Delta?
What report worst-hit?
where is the house from my big fat greek wedding
where was the movie man in the wilderness filmed
Which seven CDPs were incorporated as part of the 1980 Census?
Huge snakes do what quickly?
What was the principle port of Burma?
who is in charge of ford motor company
trashwhen did he die
where did the titanic set sail from and where was it going
BeDuhn clarifies that the differences are actually due to what?
where does biceps brachii originate from and insertions to
What happened to the Ethiopian soldier?
What is the reason for the decline?
What group was considered at the top of the Strict Class Society?
In Schwabe and wolfs study what where particpants asked to memorize?
What languages have a tendency to lose gender-invariable adjectives?
when did the new season of will and grace start
Half of the settlement will go to help who?
Which judge is presiding over the case?
who has the highest lifetime batting average in major league baseball
What are Jehovah witnesses best known for?
what year was huun huur tu 's album altai sayan tandy-uula released
Who is the current goodwill ambassador?
What did Adam Sandler wear while filming?
Who earned more than Timberlake and Madonna?
By mid November of 1940 how many incendiaries were dropped on London?
What percentage of Dhulbahante men married women of the Majerteen or Ogaden?
After the team moved to what city were the cannon left off the crest?
who was the first to record house of the rising sun
where is the real zoo from we bought a zoo
Travel from South Carolina to Bermuda would be in which direction?
who plays roger the cat in open season 2
Who was the principal fighting between?
What is South Carolina known to do to pregnant women?
Who want a federal ban on texting while driving?
how many people died of blunt force trauma
Who had granted Franklin Roosevelt sweeping authority during the great depression?
what do you call the origin of an earthquake
when does raj learn to talk to penny
Where does Lennon come in on the list?
what is a co curricular activity at the school
who plays david koresh in the series waco
How many people sought care?
what are the reviews on
What is the earliest records of humans using pesticides?
what was courtney larrel's age
who has the most tripple doubles in the nba
who said training was given emphasizing?
What was a possible cause of the crash?
How many cosmogenic myths does the religion of the Sumerians appear to be founded upon?
Besides Carnival, what other major cruise line parks its record-breaking cruise ships in Southampton Water? 
where are the singers of florida georgia line from
What was Kant's influential work on the history of the philosophy of space and time titled?
how many episodes in series 3 of shetland
the medicines used to kill or stop the growth of microorganisms are called
What does Hillary Clinton want?
who MME speaks with?
what happened to the storm
where do we get the phrase mind your p 's and q 's
How many companies did Apple promise were develping products for the new computer?
Was anybody hurt by the spider?
Who does Amy Adams play?
who is the ceo of sears holding corporation
Where were the bombings?
What other cell types are involced with the changing of airways?
how many republicans join democrats?
who founded the platonic academy of philosophy in florence
when was the last time a category 4 hurricane hit florida
Who was among the targets of the plot?
Historically, what is near-absent in Mac OS X compared to Microsoft Windows?
how many episodes are there of gavin and stacey
what kind of joint is the radioulnar joint
Why are Touloulous given free condoms?
where did hip hop dance originally come from
Who wrote Creation, a Philosophical Poem in Seven Books?
Who helped with the Free Elections?
who is the girl in i do n 't want this night to end
which component of a computer controls the entire system
What is the neighborhood build on top of?
What did Kaka do?
What type of government does Tajikistan have?
What are the programs that gives credit to households for delivering electricity to the grid called?
What design style does Romanesque architecture in Germany, Poland, and Austria normally follow?
How many days after Paul VI election did he announce he would continue the Vatican II?
Where else has been hit?
What was the soldiers name?
What does  the New Jersey congressman say?
What do they care about Pakistan?
who has won the world cup back to back
What kind of music does Wave 105 play?
who was the french prime minister most responsible for building the absolute monarchy of france
In what year did van Gaal and Núñez resign from Barcelona?
who did rachel end up with on friends
Who depended on the U.S. consumer as a source of global demand?
What did Myke Goings report?
who is know to coin the term hiphop
What year did the French Revolution begin?
What must teams coordinate each season?
what Her final performance was a May 7?
How many Muslims are believed to live on earth?
What organization named Schwarzenegger the "International Star of the Decade" in 1993?
What is the study of interaction between living things?
who is the secretary of department of interior and local government
what is a fundamental movement principle of all good concert dance
when do real gases act like ideal gases
who has kicked the most goals in the afl
Rezaie led Revolutionary Guard during war which country?
Who faces discrimination and persecution?
When did Steven go missing?
when did humans first land on the moon
who played malcolm x in the movie selma
In which class did the Enlightenment reach deepest, expressing a nationalistic tone?
What is acting as the blueprint for how the White House plans to protect Americans?
athens georgia was the home of this college rock band
who made i 'll be seeing you famous
Who is the founder of Hasidic Judaism?
where did the saying pot calling kettle black come from
how many gold medals did new zealand win at the 2018 commonwealth games
What was the name of the big promotion Apple ran in the special edition of Newsweek?
what is the role of a tour operator in tourism industry
What main idea did the English believers of Comte's philosophy take from his writings?
Who does Richard Quest meet?
vote percentage of bjp in 2009 lok sabha election
Who posted disclaimer warning against child porn and human trafficking?
What was the boat's capacity?
what caused the boy to loose a leg
In 2014, England was eliminated from the World Cup after being defeated by Italy and which other team?
who is making the new god of war
Who is Sarah Jessica Parker married to?
What is Castro's brother's name?
Who represents ruling National Liberation Party?
With what were Roman festivals organized in accordance?
where is the golden square mile in montreal
What show was the actor a star in?
sex and the city season 1 air date
where does the show the paradise take place
When do fans want Susan Boyle to release an album?
Who is on trial?
who sings the song time has come today
Who is  "a less than impressive witness"?
In which state did the ban take place?
What type of vote is required for the Security Council to commit to military action in Korea.
Who was raped in Algeria?
who sang i can make you feel good
who was in the coma?
what is the most spoken language in mexico
Where was the woman's husbands during slayings?
who reigned as emperor in germany in the late nineteenth century
What has the Venezuelan Leader call the agreement?
How many rubbers were distributed?
who was the person that wrote the bible
Rajendra Singh has devoted his life to what?
what 's the record between michigan and michigan state
How much of a lead does the german hold?
in fifa which trophy is called the fair play trophy
who plays tupac 's mom in all eyez on me
Whose rise to fame came the old-fashioned way?
What the Dietitian said about weight loss?
What can a citizen of Georgia not be compelled to do?
 When Napoleon reached Donauwörth, how much distance were the wings of the Grande Armée separated by?
what is the price of the kidney
when did latex paint come on the market
Traditional character encodings don't allow what type of computer processing?
what did Stewards say?
the stage of protein making in which a messenger-rna molecule is ' read ' by a ribosome is called
where is the truck?
when is bring your dog to work day
What appliance did Schwarzenegger's family buy that he called a highlight of his youth?
Which two mayors accomplished the zoning code revamp?
The second Famicom controller lacked START and what other button?
When did people start using dogs as therapy?
Who was also diagnosed with breast cancer?
is a racial profiling necesary?
What is the amount of debt?
What is being set up?
Was there an evacuation?
Who claimed responsibility?
What did he do?
where did legends of the fall take place
when did do n 't stop me now come out
what MEND group say it killed?
who won the last football world cup 2014
Who customized the ringtone?
Why did Morse retire?
During what years was the Duke of Wellington at Eton?
who plays the voice of ted in the movie ted
What does the M. tuberculosis bacterium have that protects it from being affected by toxins?
What are his charges?
the choroid ciliary body and iris are all part of the
when did the 21st century start and when will it end
who was president when atomic bombs were dropped
In what region did the Romans aim to re-bolster the influence after the Second Punic war?
who sings cleveland rocks on the drew carey show
when did the usa start celebrating hispanic heritage month
What was Kurt Russell photographed with?
a description of cardio-respiratory endurance as it relates to fitness
what is the hbo movie the tale about
when did the titanic set sail on its maiden voyage
How many councillors choose the Lord Mayor?
what does the pope call for?
last player to get drafted from high school nba
How did al-Mahdi maintain contact during his Occultation?
What body maintains a National Inventory of notable pubs?
What was one of the earliest presentations of this vocabulary?
What did Europeans try to legitimize all over the world by signing treaties with indigenous people?
What did Carly Fiorina say?
Who did she work with?
What is the lowest pay grade in the USAF?
Who is Lee Edwards?
what did o'connor say
Who doesn't need lectures on special interests?
What charges did prosecutors file?
when did the e street band break up
who won men 's ice hockey in the olympics
What does the Indonesian study say?
22 Percent of NYC's total wages are from what industry?
sweet dreams are made of these in movies
What helps control beach erosion?
When was the last time the Somali government was stable?
From what centuries are the earliest passwords and rituals of Freemasonry known?
Regualtions carry force of law when based on reasonable interpretation of what?
when was hitchhiker 's guide to the galaxy published
when did fresh prince of bel air come out
who wrote sitting by the dock of the bay
what does Venter says about life?
Who is Sallie Krawcheck?
What is Obama looking for a signal of?
What procedure is President Bush having?
What did the admissions policy of the University of Texas supposedly violate?
Why would hybrids have characteristics that keep them from being fertile?
who is the attorney general of the state of new york
In the Non-Aligned Movement, which Egyptian leader did Tito work with?
What year did Kelly Clarkson win?
who is the time person of the year 2006
Who became Mayor in january, 2014?
which side of the road to drive on
What was the "color" name given to the premium version of Xbox Live?
The rejection of the plan by the Saarlanders was interpreted as support for the Saar to do what?
What two types of arguments did Locke say there are?
Who did Algeria blame?
How many jobs were gained in 2014?
What were the items of tribute?
who plays black widow in iron man 2
who made a custody agreement?
what county is mt . dora fl in
what is billy 's real name from the thundermans
what job do they do in criminal minds
What is the deployment phase of BMT called? 
What does Andrew Petersen say that Hyderabad was originally known as?
What are commonly used techniques during dynamic testing?
where did the concept of human rights come from
What did the government say?
A measure of the power that is useable and the power absorbed by the terminals?
who has the heart of the ocean necklace
In what year was Canon Law issued affirming celibacy in the priesthood?
What are the levers an author uses in literature to describe a psychological emotion?
when was rome divided into east and west
when did fundamental duties get inserted into indian constitution
how many numbers are there in a spanish phone number
what type of primary does not label the party of the candidates
where is the emergency landing?
how much would the bill cost?
merle haggard that 's the way love goes songs
when is supreme court expected to rule?
Who had to deal with prejudice and expectation?
Who was the son of Yazid?
What process did haruspicy use to divine the will of the gods?
whats so special about a wrap dres?
Who is marking the 50th anniversary of the Tibetan uprising?
Which event on the Orthodox calendar is related to Mary and icon veneration?
who played the bow tie killer in problem child
What is the most renowned argricultural institues?
who does anne marry in anne of green gables
What assumption that black-body radiation is what leads to an accurate prediction?
what is the normal vision of human eye
What sort of dualist is Plato regarded as?
What is the name of the religious leader who co-led this founding group?
where does the tv show the oc take place
What did the first explosions target?
What was Green guilty of?
who sang just dropped in to see what condition my condition was in
What was Katherine Jackson looking for?
What is Suzanne Malveaux's job?
one of the heros of the trojan war
When were nearly all of Tibet's monasteries destroyed by the Red Guard?
How many women were attacked?
who sings it was right on the tip of my tongue
constitutional development leading to the state of mizoram
u.s. ambassador killed in the line of duty
what are the characteristics that define an asset class
who plays david on once upon a time
what is the full form of hp in computer
What did Bell succeed at without being taught?
when was the death penalty abolished in russia
How many people where killed?
Who had now been appointed as a military advisor to the emperor of Seleucid?
when was the first book in jk rowling 's harry potter series published
What demographic is most likely to use Twitter?
who sings the song i 'll do anything for you
What drives the plot of the book more than the characters?
who started the saka era which is still used by the government of india
who plays saxophone on ca n 't you hear me knocking
What are typical thermal mass material?
that nationality was the soldier who died on the edge roadside bombing on a convoy in western Afghanistan
who played the bride of frankenstein in the original movie
In taxonomies, what type of group are flowering plants treated?
talking to the moon bruno mars lyrics meaning
How many instructors trained worldwide?
What was the overall design plan of Mexico City?
Who is frustrated that aid was refused?
where are the sweat glands located on the head
Which North American version of football calls for 12 player per side on the field?
who sang get here if you can first
what was the aim of voyage?
Who collects his art?
What is the name of the prohibition against eating grains and legumes during Passover?
Who did Obama call at sea?
Where are demonstrators due to meet?
What were the primary contaminants contained in the pollution discharged into the Housatonic River?
What is the English translation of Galeb?
what spotlights the city's need?
Even if a harvest is good, food security can be crippled when a government has tendencies toward what?
who plays the grandma in book of life
how many haitians were onboard
What remains a tremendously successful franchise?
The sex-determination system is found in which insects?
How many years was Francois Mitterrand in power?
Who won Oscar and also director of The Old Vic in London?
What has wide ranging costs and dangers?
Polls closed in which country?
What groups remain today? 
what is the opposite of the justice league
What was recovered from the crash of Air France 447?
who is the lead singer of pure prairie league
what is the getty villa a replica of
How many death sentences were issued in the period 1995-1996?
When was she shot?
What caused the death of a yachting tycoon?
What excuse does the defence give for his actions?
who was the 31st president of the united states of america
For how long was the interest rate of Sumerian loans consistent?
Thomas and others sought to distinguish between what chromosome of Jewish priests and that of non-Jews?
How many Zimbabwean prisons are mentioned?
where is tri tip located on the cow
Who is an ordained rabbi?
where does the term district of columbia come from
Who said "you walk out of your house and its over"?
According to  Professor Andrew Prescott, how long has antisemitism gone together with anti-masonry?
what happened to groot in guardians of the galaxy movie
where did they film boyz n the hood
Who else has been sent to jail?
Who was the first painter to King Louis XIV?
who plays dot cotton in line of duty
How many will decline?
who was the little girl in the movie them
What's the only other city in England besides Portsmouth more densely populated than Southampton?
When did Vote for the Worst close?
What was the percentsge of correction from the Julian calendar to the new Gregorian calendar?
when did close encounters of the third kind come out
when did the constituent assembly become a sovereign body
What was the cause of Neda Agha-Soltan's death?
how many games are played in a set in tennis
What is Pakistani army doing?
How spread out were the Allied forces in Southeastern Asia?
How much have deaths due to HIV/AIDS increased?
Where was the suspect flying from?
what were phil's charges
who plays tom in secret life of an american teenager
Who conquered Jerusalem from the Turks?
What subjects did Le excel in?
What two-word phrase describes the relationship whereby Dutch and Afrikaans speakers can understand each other?
how did the us acquire the territory to build the panama canal
Who is the main character in the film "Adventureland?"
when does chinese new year start and end
Stimulants lead humans to overestimate what?
how long is a representatives term of office
What is the area closest to the continental US called?
Some scholars think that universities come from what, rather than solely local influences?
who did the chiefs beat in the super bowl
When was the first Queen tour with Adam Lambert scheduled?
what is the combined sales tax rate in quebec
What was the primary concern of other nations who objected to including political groups in the definition of genocide?
How long did Edison's light burn during his first successful test in 1879?
name the deepest point in the pacific ocean
How will the brigades be structured?
how many nectar points do you get per pound
Around how many ships were sent into service from Greek cities?
Along with Electro and disco, what genre of music influenced Freestyle?
what is the name of the ship?
What team released the former Spanish international?
What was the the third Dalai Lama allowed to do?
What year was the patent for the Auto-Sembly process granted?
who wrote 1d you dont know youre beautiful
What have courts said there is a difference between?
Who now has his own TV show?
Name the malware?
who spends the most money on their military
who was the first premier league manager to be sacked
In addition to being practically useful what other aspects did a building need in order to be considered functional?
Who did Bremen pay $10.7 million for?
What was the name of the republic the Russian Provisional Goverment ruled?
where is data stored in a relational database
What is the project aiming at?
What hurt the Auto industry?
How many instructors are there?
When was the Royal Air Force formed?
what is the weather like in the eye of a hurricane
In what year did Chopin become a French citizen?
What did he controversially do?
What is better about the British buses?
who is credited with the development of the first intelligence test
What was the name of the first song that Taylor Hicks released after winning American Idol?
Who predicted soviet aggression in the Baltic region?
who plays the voice of the gargoyle on vampirina
What is the name of the dog in Philippine mythology who is responsible for lightning?
How many deaths are from the storms?
where did the battle of wounded knee happen
when was the crown closed?
who owns the rights to the green hornet
who sang you 're welcome in moana credits
What percentage of cellphone users download ringtones?
when and where did the million mom march take place
Connecting anodes made from zinc to buried pipe creates what?
Crassus' head is used a prop in what performance?
What does Jim Wells believe consumers need to be?
Who is miss america?
In what year did Marvel introduce trading cards based on their characters?
Was the Maratha Empire ended quick or gradual?
Since when has the border been closed?
How many bird species have been driven to extinction in Guam?
who has scored the most goals in a premier league game
what judge declares?
what are some symptoms of food borne illnesses
what  are suing Jensen Farms?
Who did Aksum conquer in order to extend its rule over the Arabian peninsula?
Who was initially named prime minister by the GNC?
how far is hockley texas from houston texas
What international awards have been won by the Boom Festival?
what do you call a person who lives in washington
List several biographies that influenced Gaddafi.
what is the meaning of indian flag colours in hindi
Who discovered the chemical structure of penicillin?
What did the salon not remove?
what is the landmark case
The most significant mass extinction of insect groups is commonly ascribed to what period?
Where is the Hotel Diderot in Chinon?
What army did Garibaldi gain command of in France?
What was one of the causes of the War of the Reunions? 
How much did she earn?
Where was the first trophy presented? 
When is Vick due in federal court?
when did kingdom of the crystal skull take place
who is the leading scorer in college basketball
who is the best rushing quarterback of all time
What culture annexed Egypt?
who were heading for Italian island of Lampedusa?
What do Jehovah Witnesses believe of God's kingdom?
Where did boat capsise?
Which anniversary is coming up?
What kingdom under the Spartocid dynasty consisted of Maeotians, Thracians, Crimean Scythians and Cimmerians?
What are some of the found items?
who has scored the most goals for manchester united
Who was a tutelary god of Wilusa?
the nineteenth national congress of the communist party of china
what is the cost of an airbus a380
What did critics compare Israeli actions to?
What is the age of the oldest rocks in the north western part of Scotland?
what is being used as weapon
who sang you 're a mean one mr. grinch in the 1966 animated tv short
when was the first morgan silver dollar made
when does marvel 's agents of shield return season 5
If communications restrictions have changed how so?
What does USAAC stand for?
who did martha from home and away run away with
In what year did Christian troops lose control of Valencia?
How many players were sent off?
What age was the girl
Where does Bethune have legal representation?
Who suffered from Lyme disease for more than 10 years?
when did h & m open in the us
After World War II what did the American, English and Soviet allies want to capture?
a town in south lancs formerly known for its cotton industry
who is the girl in liar liar in the elevator
Only around how many Western lowland gorillas are left worldwide?
how many teams in football world cup 2018
U.S. troops will pull out of Iraqi cities by what date?
Who will reclaim their power?
how much is a crown in british currency
Who is the author?
What led to tens of layoffs in Japan?
How many words did Pakistan tell phone companies to block from text messages?
what are the four types of soil erosion
what type of bus does pci express use
Who was implicated in the anti-corruption drive?
What says police?
What is it called when an animal is altered to prevent procreation?
Who is already married and has a wife who wouldn't mind?
are there going to be further delays
What does America need?
what is the art of japanese flower arrangement called
Which writer for the San Francisco Chronicle awarded Spectre with a perfect score?
when does p factor cause the airplane to yaw to the left
What are polytechnic divisions of national universities called in Canada?
When did Larson finish his project?
who did rafael nadal beat
Who is Rick Warren?
who won the golden boot in 2010 world cup
who played the doctor on the love boat
What medal did he receive in 1996?
Who says they were given permission to leave country with orphans?
What tourist spot can be found directly underneath the New Haven Green?
How many shots did the officer fire?
How popular is the branch of Lutheranism?
who was the first person to translate the bible into english
When do the rainy season usually start?
What robbed Colombians of at least $200 million?
Who wrote 'The Rights of Man'?
How many young men are missing?
what is the name of the mall in syracuse new york
Did she have children?
who is kyles mom on y & r
the war between england and russia started in
Who supported van Praag's beliefs? 
Where did he end up living when he was 21?
What did Reid's emphasis on immigration reform do?
What was Nasser's reaction to the questions he was asked?
what was the role of dark energy in the early universe
Who will be tried as an adult?
Which colors of 45 were available as late as 1952 before being discontinued?
who conceded the most goals in world cup 2014
Another of UNFPA's goals is to make all childbirths what?
What quantity of imports does Swaziland get from South Africa?
Who makes remark to reporters at Pentagon?
who was the book of corinthians written to
who was the leader of the greek forces in the trojan war
who plays wags the dog in the wiggles
What portion of Europe's territory is inhabited by Slavic-speaking communities?
Who co - authored the executive order?
who plays the general in monsters vs aliens
What is Richards hit with?
What Theater was the Beatles historic TV performance?
who wrote the song that 's alright mama
Who established a national system of honours and awards?
Where is Lakewood?
what did the actress said
who are the three individuals named in a trust
when did the movie to kill a mocking bird come out
Which of Tuvalu's atolls is largest?
What was smuggled into Mexico?
what was the great pyramid of giza made out of
who is he against?
who sings i 'm in love with a monster from hotel transylvania 2
What areas of economy is Egypt dependent on?
who is the highest paid mlb player right now
Who was Napoleon's father?
Which mountain range contains Mount Whitney?
who sings in the rhythm of the night
When did Uziece revert to its original name?
what happend to hurricane bill
What did the investigation reveal?
What years did Zhu Yuanzhang rule as the Hongwu Emperor?
What has been a major source of revenue?
what does concretion consist of?
he use of existing information in books articles and electronic databases is known as
who left keys to isizu in pathfinder?
what was tony gwynn 's career batting average
What environmental consequence affected the Australian economy by 1983?
What are the six perfections under Mahayana teachings?
who was the peace negotiator for the north vietnamese
Which team did Manchester United beat?
What did Sewall Wright develop one way of measuring?
why does whittier quit the squad in bring it on again
What sort of student attended Susanna E. Hull?
What did Larry think was "good therapy"?
Where is Magasin's "flagship" store located? 
How many active mandolin orchestras does the Madiera Island have? 
How many people did Ivins kill?
when was google translate launched for the first time
when was the last time mexico won the fifa
when did latin die out as a language
What items were found on the Korean farm site?
What did both men die from?
Which victims live with the pain every day?
Who did Sand confide to in a letter about her feelings for Chopin in June, 1838?
What age is Michael Brewer?
where is kinsasha
how long exactly does it take for the earth to orbit the sun
What includes emphysema and chronic bronchitis?
what has the united states done?
when did zebra mussels come to the great lakes
Who was the principal of Sangzao Middle School? 
WHo served in the military
What organizations studied literacy in the Muslim World in 2015?
who sang next time i fall in love
when did echo dot 2nd generation come out
Who started a revolution in music with women?
Who wants more information about Google's privacy measures?
movies with the word orange in the title
In what year were did the Macedonians lose The Battle of Pydna?
What did the Lufthansa scrape it's wing against?
What's been changing industries?
Who offers Neapolitan milkshake?
when did sri jayawardenepura kotte become the capital
Who owns two dogs with four eyes each in Hindu mythology?
Who compiled the Kobylańska Catalogue?
What did the investigators piece together?
what did prosecutors paint knox as
The companies own how many mosques?
Where did the protests occur?
What act dud he carry out?
who came first in the chinese new year race
who wrote the book fifty shades of grey
What are Technicolor constantly in the process of doing?
what were the scores of the other games?
how many people have died in Zimbabwe
Before the mid-20th century were people open about their muticultural heritage and why or why not?
why companies form a suitable organisation for sales of their products
What are annelids' cuticles made out of?
What is a smart move for Google?
What other countries have politicians with histories in rebel groups?
who voices kronk on the emperor 's new school
Former Egyptian Interior Minister
where do you go to get a bachelor 's degree
what is the legal age of consent in russia
who is the governor of California?
What do some historians think made Wallace's concept of natural selection different from Darwin's?
episode of the office where jim kisses pam
What is the name of the book that has the laws and ethics for Orthodox Judaism?
When will the January issue of "o" hit newsstands
who starred in the most carry on films
What kind of tanker was it?
how long does it take for cashier 's check to clear
Who did gunmen attack first?
What is the issue with "display of religious symbols?"
How many barrels did the mitrailleuse feature?
where is the intake manifold located on a car
Congo's indepedence from Belgium was in what year?
The first Constitution of Iran was founded in what year?
Where was the soft body impact damage?
what is not achieving popularity
What was found since 2005?
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?
What prevented the departure of the planned 1205 expedition?
How do adolescents use online technology?
What does Amphibian Survival Alliance aim to save ?
Who said that Chopin's familiarity with Polish music was more "urbanised"  than true folk music?
What did Christians do?
To what did the British general compare the USSR in his opposition to their joining NATO?
In what year did the Robbins report say that universities should have four objectives to remain balanced?
Who became the Greek leader in 1935?
when did the iphone 7 plus come out
What was used on the crowds ?
Who has also quoted Mao in the past?
What time did the crash happen?
to propose an amendment to the u.s. constitution congress would have to pass a
What is the born this way foundation?
when did the ibm selectric typewriter come out
What was aerobic gymnastics called orginally?
Who probably located the island on their final leg of their circumnavigation trip?
What is the number of causalities based on UN estimates?
what were the goals of japan during ww2
who sings the r & b song cupid
What did the county coroner says?
who was the first deputy prime minister of independent india
What is the name of the first synthetic dye discovered?
Obama wanted clarification on what?
what would give a positive result with the benedicts test
when does antmam and the wasp come out
who invented the paperclip and in what year
What is the size of the concordia?
what body of water is located west of florida
who helped british troops defend malaya and singapore
What kind of attack?
when does the new season of survivor start this year
How often does Namibia conduct a census?
Who described the Anglican church as "our beloved sister Church"?
minimum age to become chief minister in india
With whom did Hayek share his 1974 award?
who plays the beast in the beauty and the beast
What is the reason for the receiver seeing both the ral antenna and image of the antenna?
Where was the storm headed after crossing Northern Philippines
who plays aiden in stuck in the middle
when did the french come to the new world
What percentage did Patasse win with?
What does a letter at the end of a device number mean?
What basic civil planning system for streets is rooted in neoclassicism?
What does the judge say about how the court acts?
Which president of the LDS church purchased the Lewis Building after hinting at the building of a school?
The 3rd generation of which iPod model had its controls only on the earphone cable?
Which Emperor closed the school in Athens?
who did he beat?
What teritory did the Byzantine empire hit first with their political beliefs? 
What are the conditions about cause in Kansas?
What was Hayek's academic field?
who is national hurricane center director?
when was the airstrike?
who played the masked dorian in the mask
Whose work did the theory of Stanley Schachter build on?
Who did the organizations file the complaints with?
What do some pueblos offer?
What computer OS did iPod software exclusively work with at launch?
who wrote the song ballad of the green berets
Could storm surge force oil ashore?
A Liz Smith column won't run in a New York paper for the first time in how many years?
What process groups PCBs before transfer to a panel?
What did he call the opportunity for Nagano to host the torch event?
what type of bass synthesizer was a staple of the early house sound?
Who did Beyonce participate with in the Hope for Haiti Now: A Global Benefit?
who sang delta dawn first helen reddy and tanya tucker
How long was the 1970s revival of Atlas Comics in business?
who played jj 's husband on criminal minds
What would need government control?
What was Mike Darnells position at Fox in 2009?
when does the next season of final space come out
What is the material preference of collectors?
who did kyle korver used to play for
how is oread by hd an imagist poem
What was the name of Kanye's second studio album?
Along with cricket, what sport is highly popular among Nepali youth?
what do they resemble?
who was crowned the first king of the jungle in im a celebrity
Where is Mr. Chae from?
The British revival of Georgian architecture in the 20th century is generally referred to as?
who enforces section 504 of the rehabilitation act
remains of plants and animals that have been preserved in sedimentary rock
Who commanded the Prussian 12 Cavalry Brigade?
What are they concerned about?
Iraq's government is dominated by which Islamic faction?
What flag is on the team crest?
The safety and efficacy of new drugs must be approved by what organization in the US?
What deputy prime minister was quoted?
what is the name of  the documentary?
What is th ename of the sweet 1950s-style candy store
what did the country have?
the oldest expression in art is found in caves in the south of what country
What was Nasser 56 about?
Immunology studies the functioning of the immune system in which two states of being?
what is the origin of the name rhoda
Who defeated Wales 30-17 at Twickenham?
What person called the reporter "a scumbag"?
Where will you find slavery?
who won the women 's elimination chamber 2017
What did Smithsonian comment?
who have fine of 22,500 euros
Did the CAFS accelerator work as planned?
who is considered to be the father of medicine
What did project lantern announce in 2010
Why is the translation of the Old Testament into Greek known as the Septuagint?
where is the university of texas a&m located
How many people are on the donor list?
What do the claims consist of?
who is the actor that plays nate in gossip girl
Where was Jeffry Picower found unconcious?
who made the soundtrack for guardians of the galaxy
What is expected to draw 50 million visitors
when was god added into the pledge of allegiance
What is the MS drug Ampyra said to improve
What could the storm surge do?
Who is serving a life sentence in prison?
What were the parent's afraid of, so they didn't tell the police?
How much was received from U.S. government?
Who says the girl will be handed over to U.S. officials?
What did Qadis focus on in some areas?
What is the name of the hurricane?
What age is Mobley?
how many pages are in percy jackson and the titan 's curse
In which armed force was the Duke of Edinburgh?
What county is Tuscon located in?
Which president initially began to desegregate the US military?
Emperor Daigo ruled during what years?
What's the name of the restaurant Schwarzenegger opened with his wife?
where does star trek discovery come in the timeline
In what time span were the theories to integrate molecular genetic with Darwinian evolution developed?
where was the film summer of 42 filmed
What is this week's topic?
what are the transporting?
In what year were big changes made to the ANSI?
Which were asked to engage youths?
What term is given to an organism that is being hunted?
Who is Carrie Underwood engaged to?
What is one way a study can view bisexuality?
who did the us beat in the miracle on ice
eight furlongs are equal to what standard length
What will the show feature?
when did the united nations came into existence
the god of fertility wine and sexuality was
What type of locomotives got improved during 1950-1973 in Soviet Union?
Who is leading according to poll of polls?
What years were presidential debates held at Washington University?
Mexico has reaffirmed what?
What was the score in the match between Barcelona and Lyon?
where does the salt of the sea come from
What does the sale include?
Why did a lot of followers leave the Episcopal Church?
what type of boundary is found between the australian plate and the pacific plate
who does the intro to number of the beast
What did John Kerry say?
who were foot soldiers
Who has the smallest school population?
Who found the tomb of Philip II of Macedon?
what 's the most innings played in a world series
What happened to Stiles?
Where is Dubai?
How old is Jacks?
what is the style of arch found at the great mosque at cordoba
What kind of hardships can a homosexual face when admitting their ssexuality while in a heterosexual marriage?
What is the name of the Russian cult leader?
where are the dogs being trained?
What did Mswati II do to the land controlled by Swaziland during his reign?
Who is the FIFA president?
where do space shuttles fly in the atmosphere
when 's the next maze runner movie coming out
What did Victoria think of her suiter, the Prince Alexander of Orange? 
Where the election monitors local, or foreign?
Where can alleles be located in order to be either dominant or recessive?
On which oceans seabed do they believe the wreckage sits?
kabul is the capital of the country that borders turkmenistan
Who is looking into death?
What state do Jason Chaffetz represent?
how i met your mother season 1 no of episodes
what is the thing on i 10 in arizona
when does the big fat quiz of the year air
What did the young people deface?
Name the central character of the book
when was the constitution ratified by most states
who became president of the republic of china after the overthrow of the qing dynasty
who played superman 's mother in the 1978 movie
Which term is indicative of people who place their faith in Jesus?
what are the five ships of ferdinand magellan
What did Erik Prince view himself as?
when did the first battle of panipat took place
Of what duration are symbiotic relationships?
What organization was to undergo a big overhaul?
What caused the delay in the effort?
Who is confronting difficult issues?
where does protein breakdown begin in the human body
What had been Britain's most populous overseas possession?
During informal consultation, what is the goal?
What association founded the Avery Normal Institute?
who wrote the song love is in the air
Besides the acceptance of Christianity, what other religious cults were tolerated?
where did horses come from in the united states
The Banská Akadémia was originally intended for training workers in what two precious metals?
who was the speaker of lok sabha before he become the president of india
What are some others factors that could impede on medical care?
What year was Clinton v. City of New York decided by the supreme court?
What factors are controlling the system?
who wrote the song may the good lord bless and keep you
when is steven universe save the light coming out
For whom was Buckingham house originally built?
when they knew something had gone terribly wrong?
where do you get a medical certificate from
Who signed the 2004 peace accord?
How much was Christine Beatty fined?
who wrote the poem if we must die
what can you lie about on your driver's license
What is the film up for?
who was the first person to sail around the world non stop
Which sport will be included in 2012 olympics?
where is oklahoma located in the united states
What has the company had happen?
Where were the mortars fired towards?
who sings bang bang i am the warrior
The Republik of Mancuia is a blog dedicated to which team?
What is Sonia Sotomayor's mother called?
How many days do NATO troops need to secure areas in Helmand province?
Where is the ghost net from?
who was the singing voice of elsa in frozen
Who has defined a period of when the post-punk era was?
the federal reserve is an example of a ( n )
When does the World Cup take place?
What was found in a van?
Who thought Burke and Fox shouldn't have made their argument public?
When was the next session announced?
What university do the explorers attend?
what kind of economy does the usa have
what do the police imply?
where was the first motte and bailey castle built
What his lawyers said?
What kind of spider is believed to have stowed away in soldier's luggage?
What is the itelligence wing doing?
who is the killer in and then there were none
when do we find out garnet is a fusion
What material comprised the game cartridge connectors?
rutherford scattering experiment is related to the size of
What is not an ISO recognized standard?
When does the trial against Fritzl begin?
What was the Carnation Revolution?
who sings no bad news in the wiz
By what time period had many of the Jewish  population joined the Holy Roman Empire?
What condition?
When did the Nazi hiding in Eqypt Die?
where is life liberty and the pursuit of happiness found
how many episodes in season 6 of the sopranos
who wrote that 's why god made the radio
how many violent crimes in the us per year
what still defines poland's identity?
What feels like the greatest fear coming true?
What were the tombs destroyed by?
Who is urging prisoner swap?
What does Kokkos mean in english?
What mountain is in the East are of Nanjing?
What was the age difference between Wok Kundor and her husband?
What is there a limit to?
What was the quote?
Which battle did Confederate General Longstreet win in East Tennessee?
Who adjusted the song?
when did nigeria become a federation of 19 states
how many catholic churches are there in australia
When would PVA forces march to minimize the chances of being seen?
what was the cause of the pain
What European age did Portugal spearhead?
What makes RGB LEDs different?
what was the magnitude of the quake?
when did day light savings time start in the united states
What are glaciers called that end in the sea?
where was the person taken
who said the evacuees have been taken to a safe haven
who plays sally on third rock from the sun
Which celebrity had twins given an overdose?
When was the Southdale Center opened? 
when was the great sphinx of giza discovered
How many casualties were inflicted?
What is the savings plan?
Where is Tyler Perry hoping to market his films?
when did protets occur?
who had the most influence over the japanese government by the mid 1930s
what is the meaning behind the song turn the page
where did the catkin get it 's name
Who's president responded?
How many million of people passed through Greece's ports in 2010?
Who surrendered without an incident?
Is usage of the royal assent frequent or rare in today's societies?
when did doritos spicy sweet chili come out
where is the cfp national championship being held
What depth of snow is expected?
Percentage of unwed births?
Where was the bomb?
Who banned all organized visits to Saddam Hussein's grave?
By 1992 who was Barcelona's most successful manager?
How does this compare an average Premier League team?
west is the best east is the least
which team scored the most goals at world cup 2018
What is the heart of the Protestant moral code?
pervasive corruption among who?
What does the acronym CFL refer to?
where does the book the maze runner take place
who voiced hero boy in the polar express
how hot does a mapp gas torch burn
Who's death spawned public outrage?
who plays moody in anne with an e
Napoleon's decision to reinstate what practice in France's overseas colonies has caused controversy regarding his reputation?
when was the last time the sahara was green
Who is the French Open champion?
prayer i believe in one god the father almighty
who holds nfl record for longest field goal
which shogunate isolated the country from the rest of the world
who sang give a little bit of your love
What, in contrast to glass, doesn't let light pass through?
The storm is expected to dump how much rain?
who wrote the song luck be a lady
who is playing mike on general hospital 2018
Which year did a translation of Philosophus Autodidactus in Latin come to be?
What names is Seattle known as?
Who is The Eleventh Victim about?
Who is fourth placed?
What list was Mukhtar put on?
What does government call unconstitutional?
In what country is the festival held?
who did meg 's voice first on family guy
How is Puerto Rico designated in its constitution?
What other way could they have crossed on to this continent?
who is the bond girl in for your eyes only
How many harvesting structures have been made in the last 25 years?
What fighter is still being tested?
How many participants are int he Parade of the Marksmen?
Who does Tevez play for?
What happened to Jeremy Doble?
Who is in the ads?
when did the first white man came to nigeria
which of jupiter 's moons is the largest
who won the women 's ncaa basketball championship in 2017
Who led the British during the Battle of the Nile?
when was the first episode of only fools and horses made
what kind of battery does the galaxy s8 have
What  does Shriver say she will donate her cell phone to?
who plays simons mum in 2018 film love simon
where was the first nam summit conference held
New Delhi played host to what major athletic competition in 2010?
When was Normandy?
when was the first castle built in the world
What did Contador apologize for?
What types of elevator hold the highest safety record?
Which past U.S. senator had lived in New Haven and graduated from Yale?
when was india 's first scientific expedition to the south pole launched
who play angelica on days of our lives
Where will the president visit later this week?
What does the name "Rodo" commemorate? 
Have the police laid any charges?
who wrote the book upon which the last picture show was based
Cradock faces charges for stealing what?
What did the report claim?
where is zinc located on the periodic table
What did the U.S. senior say?
where is atacama desert located in south america
What will beam the game to ships and submarines?
What was voted the most significant scientific invention?
What type of low alcohol beer is sometimes served in school?
Where was Herter's Heine memorial moved in 1999?
What is Doctors without Borders report about cholera crisis?
who is the actress that plays summer on the young and the restless
where did they play the super bowl last year
what is the name of the Olympic pole vault champion?
when was the printing press invented in ancient china
How many troops did the Turks send to Gyumri?
when did the first french foreign minister visit iraq?
What is the Liberty Belle?
Which team calls heads or tails in the coin flip before a CFL game?
when was the first portable mp3 player released
How many people did aid groups express fears for?
Is there a particular place where Cubans live and speak Spanish in the U.S.?
When was I ❤ NY first used in advertisements?
How many years was the man who hijacked the plane?
What went wrong on the plane?
where does peter and the wolf take place
when did pirates of the caribbean dead man 's chest come out
when did the french come to north america
who is the actor that play the good doctor
on law and order what happened to claire kincaid
1 ton of refrigeration is equal to how many btu
when did the shooting happen in greys anatomy
Aside from increased perspiration, what is a physiological change related to emotions?
when did costa rica gain independence from spain
what was the name of the girl on seinfeld
what was the significance of the storming of bastille
What is the name of the album?
who is the voice of the wolf in hoodwinked
What did Cairo farmers do?
who struck out the most batters in a single nine-inning game
How many people have died on the rally since 1979?
where do the two stages of photosynthesis take place
What transliteration scheme is often used on the internet?
What is more effective than jail?
At what age is the fair aimed?
when did the united states drop the gold standard
Another volunteer is frustrated by what?
what do they get for winning the voice
What did Web unleash?
Gray's approach aligns with which approach that Popper himself considered untenable?
What frequency bands does Compass-M1 transmit in?
who plays dr. spencer reid on criminal minds
Regardless of beliefs, Christians all agree that Jesus has a unique what?
What city was the ship over when it caught fire?
What emperor forced the Germanic tribes to the east side of the Rhine?
where is the united kingdom located on the world map
Which city is home to Australia's largest and busiest seaport?
Where did couple take photo?
What kind of crisis is there in Zimbabwe?
When did it occur?
Who took control of the company during the transition from Youlou to Debat?
What is the annual Montevideo Carnaval part of?
What organization is suing Taylor?
What will Richardson be announced as?
who does deluca date in grey 's anatomy
What other practices do Buddhists adhere to?
Which Harry Potter movie did Rob Knox star in?
1 foot is equal to how many m
when was the last air force one built
How many votes did LeBron James receive?
Which four legged mammal is considered to be the smartest?
when does michael come back to the office
What is CNN doing?
who dies in written in my own heart 's blood
what season is it in november in india
Who has been doing the bulk of the recent fighting?
What kind of hardware support does Dell provide?
where is the apollo theater in new york city
How was Espanyol viewed as being toward Spanish authority by the people of Barcelona?
what is the gst rate in new zealand
What eventually became a part of the grand duchy of lithuania?
How many residents of Detroit in three live in poverty?
What is a discrete transistor?
What else is going to be addressed?
what did the author tell?
What major secession movement has Nigeria had?
who wrote the song this is my country
what force did the romans use to move water
Who is dead after train derails?
Long Island and Staten Island were split in half by what geographical phenomenon?
Who says colleague saw a man killed?
who did virginia men 's basketball lose to this year
Who equated windos 8 as the first desktop operating system that understand what a computer is supposed to do?
when do stream terraces form when do stream terraces form
where is the walk of fame in california
Which contestant garnered the most attention because of a prior recording contract?
how many reportedly arrested?
what did he believe
What was the strategy called that was used by Eisenhower's campaign?
In what year did AFL games temporarily cease to be broadcast on NFL Network?
world 's largest uranium reserves found in india
What was the name of the girlfriend sources gave?
Most countries besides the US use what ISO System?
when did mothers day become a national holiday
who came up with the uses and gratifications theory
Where are the largest crowd?
what money was taken
What river mergers with the Cooper River to form Charleston Harbor?
What has been drowned out?
What term describes the type of government of the Marshall Islands?
where has opposition come from?
when did the movie coyote ugly come out
What are alternative names the Thar Desert is known by?
How long was U Wisara on a strike were he refused subsistence ?
Who denied the accusations
What did Charles Darwin do to address Mivart's arguments?
who voiced frank sinatra jr in family guy
Who first used the term Irano-Aryan?
who wrote in a station of the metro
where did the movie 10000 bc take place
What were the 10 Americans accused of?
What is the most notable difference between countries?
What does the Kuiper belt consist of?
What is another word for head capsule?
who according to jains was the founder of jainism
Which group is a counterpart to NATO?
Who is supplying the U.S. military?
What firm managed Kanye West's rap group? 
Who was in doubt?
What was the date of Anthonio Colve's capture of New York?
what is the length of an f1 car
when was make you feel my love written
When did the commercially successful post-punk bands begin to hit the scene?
where Authorities arrest 124 people, shut down 56 labs?
what movie is the line lighten up francis from
Who is a former PM of Pakistan?
How many octaves did the Lombardi cover?
presidents of the fifth republic of the philippines
when will the 2018-19 nhl schedule be released
Obsidian is what type of glass?
who plays cole reyes in i am frankie
Where was the Galeb docked after Tito's death?
where does the water from the toilet come from
What is his feast day in Western Christianity?
who died last week
What golf event is being played?
does an australian passport holder need a visa for spain
Who is denying what?
who agreed to divide germany into zones at the end of ww2
During Cyclone Pam which island had the most damage?
When was the football league founded? 
fair debt collection practices act debt collector definition
What is the icon of
Atlantic City is a prime place to beat the heat from June through what month?
who has an addiction?
what does the blue square on the american flag mean
where did it happen
What genre of music featured robotic themes?
The large number of Jews in Pannonia formed communities and built what?
What do the waiters not wear at Maine coffee shop?
who takes over after a president is impeached
Where was this Gospel said?
In what year was the Yale Daily News established?
where does the phrase for whom the bell tolls come from
who said Chinese drywall made them sick
who appoints / elects the speaker of the lok sabha
6 . what are the three responsibilities of the federal reserve system
when was the first international earth day celebrated
When was the west front of Saint Denis completed?
where does the word coffee originally come from
In addition to P&O Cruises and Cunard Line, what other brand does Carnival Corporation own?
What are prokaryotes?
Who is the UK Prime Minister?
Where were some "Survivor" episodes filmed?
What was the date in 2002 when Bush had his last colonoscopy, which found no problems?
What are met with protest?
who is the present united states champion in wwe
where was the walking dead season 3 filmed
when does the new season of series of unfortunate events start
With the NES at its end, which competing consoles with less strict licensing terms were supported?
where are the bones known as the hammer anvil and stirrup found in our body
When were 2 journalists arrested?
How many graves have been disturbed?
who wrote the song dont look back in anger
The change in universities towards the completion of the early modern period is credited with the formation of what entity?
What is likely to be launched in response to the recession?
What was the regnal name of the Prince of Orange?
What is the Castilian Lanugage known as?
What closure is called for?
Previous to the Newer Orthography what orthography was in place?
t or transverse tubules in skeletal muscle function to
How many doctors visited Chopin?
What year was the constitution amended from the previous one of 1992?
what is  Legendary Penn State coach Paterno?
when does star wars come out in theater
who played ivan on days of our lives
what is the little boy 's name in coco
What tracks major storm in Bering Sea?
who put the overalls in mrs murphy 's chowder
How did Milliband explain posing with this newspaper?
What are citizens told to do?
What is said to mark the existence of a portal between such worlds, and to transform itself into a llama?
Who has been banned?
What is Souter's job?
when does the financial year end in australia
in the united states the main contributor to economic growth is due to the growth in
Heat treatment of steel has been know since what time?
What cities are mentioned in the article?
how many football teams are there in france
who played ellie walker on andy griffith show
What is the name of his former coach?
Who was the first President of Namibia?
the nashville sound brought a polished and cosmopolitan sound to country music by
What condition does a person have to meet to  be allowed by law on a coin?
who won the war of 1812 between the us and britain
who sang the original please come to boston
How many are  accused of espionage?
sharp pain in right side when taking deep breath
Who wrote The Hunchback of Notre Dame?
What  is Obama's position?
What pick redefined how running mates can influence a campaign?
When is the child due?
WHich team is 2nd in the table?
When did the mandolin first appear in rock music?
Who released 7" microgrooved records in the 1950s?
What do John Phillip's ex-wives think?
Who are they charged with executing?
What is located west of the NAS Annex?
who played starr manning on one life to live
who ate the eggs in cool hand luke
What is the LGBT newspaper called?
What does the government call "unconstitutional"?
who was a reporter at the wall street journal
What is thought to be the modern name of the island Legazpi called Los Barbudos?
how old is scarlett at the beginning of gone with the wind
What can a large influx of money from a for-profit company do to an organization?
When did the Olympic torch visit Jakarta?
make your own kind of music who sang it originally
who killed madame defarge in a tale of two cities
what time can you buy beer in oregon
what is the primary type of mining that takes place under the bolivian mountain
Who said that the actress "..lived, loved and worked harder than ever before"?
what episode does grandpa die in only fools and horses
when did the musical hairspray first come out
which registry root key stores information about registered applications including file associations
What percent of Boston's population commutes by walking?
where does the term salt of the earth come from
About which films Tarantino has been talks about?
where does the word football appear
How many inmates has Tennessee executed since 2000?
who did tim allen play in toy story
How many jobs in the primary sector were in forestry or lumber production?
when did i took a pill in ibiza come out
who holds the homerun record in a season
Is the Senate or the House more partisan?
when did the buffalo bills last make the playoffs
when did the new range rover sport come out
who wrote the song friends in low places
In what year was Creation, a Philosophical Poem in Seven Books written?
What kind of injury does Alexander Frei have?
Who is Tadaklan's pet that is responsible for lightning?
What term was coined in the 16th century to indicate present time?
who sang if i could see the rhondda one more time
who had a hit with love is in the air
what is the dogs name from the simpsons
What are organizations targeting with the aim of improving nutritional content or resources?
When was the Siku Quanshu finished?
Who is Matthew Myer?
when did the first how to train your dragon come out
Who had samurai been allowed to kill?
Readers were more interested in sensationalist stories about what topics than they were in political theory itself?
who wrote good to be bad christmas song
What was Samar convicted of?
Where is uranium naturally formed?
when does the handmaid 's tale take place
What kind of schedule did Barnes have?
Who was also cleared?
who was president of the united states when hurricane katrina hit new orleans
where did the congregation of holy cross begin
what is the leopards name in jungle book
The cash was hidden where?
president of the south in the civil war
In what year was Royal Prussia annexed?
How do birds conserve energy?
When did John Lewis purchase and take over the Bainbridge store?
When did Taghavi come to the United States?
Where man was detained by the police?
What do rescuers hold onto hope of finding?
WHat date did a plane go down off Brazil?
who was the rfc editor until 1998 just provide the family name
when did the university of chicago leave the big ten
How many people watched the season premiere of American Idol in 2007?
What age was Maggie Sorrell not expected to reach?
what is the reason for layoff?
who did they nominated
Which guitarist inspired Queen?
when did lost in space air on tv
who starred in guess who 's coming to dinner
which two countries have overlapping territorial claims in the arctic circle
When was the transcontinental National Pacific Railroad finished?
who does scooby doo 's voice in the movie
Where is Brittanee Drexel from?
When was the sash window developed?
where does that 70 's show take place
While in Berlin he saw the operatic work of who?
Who is currently in second place?
where does chuck come from on a cow
what order do the lord of the rings books go in
Where is the event taking place?
atkins was a former member of what music group?
Freemasonry expanded rapidly to nearly every country in which continent?
What is the name of the band?
What are you likely to do if you touch an item in store?
What is defined as the kinetic energy minus the potential energy?
How many genes are tested?
who is the girl in i could use a love song video
Who was Dennis deLeon?
what is the tallest building in buffalo ny
Where did Broz move in 1921?
who played the original danno on the original hawaii five o
In what decade was disco popular?
How many homes does PGW serve?
who conquered all of greece around 330 bc
when did the united states first claim new mexico
Who will Obama meet with?
What company donated robots to help with recovery efforts?
where does the movie winter 's bone take place
who plays harry in third rock from the sun
What does corruption undermine in politics?
what is the subcutaneous layer of the skin
where did one direction shoot you and i
medical term for deficiency of oxygen in the blood
when Elections for the largely ceremonial post are scheduled?
What was ornately carved in the 9th-11th centuries?
When was the Congo's train system built?
What has the friend of the Museum donated?
who is Sanjay Gupta?
how many dominoes are in a mexican train set
when did british and french leaders agree to turn sudetenland over to germany
How many phonemic tones do Hokkien dialects have?
which law states that the entropy of the universe is always increasing
who are the band members of wilson phillips
A crew in a spaceship travelling nearly the speed of light will not notice the change in what?
What is the common application of GaAs?
How did most Georgian design styles disseminate?
Who set the new mark?
What age is Vela?
Mixing organic chemistry with living organisms created what early form of biochemistry?
Who were the final two contestants?
Who is expected to leave the club?
What was the name of a vigilante group in Detroit?
What two locations in Florida were renamed after Kennedy by President Johnson?
What did Guinness World Records say of Ramoji Film City was in 20015?
Why were bacteria and archaea dominant forms of life?
how many arrests
What collapse was being celebrated?
What does the reviewer say about the movie?
How much of an asexual organism's genome is inherited from its parents?
What was the October War?
What is is also taking on sectarian overtones?
what nba player scored the most points in a career
What was Beyonce's 2010  perfume called?
Where does the Arctic tern migrate each year?
By what name is the first standardized version of the Quran known?
when did they stop making the subaru baja
Who did Justus von Liebig argue with over the belief that animals get protein from plants?
Who will probably play in the Champions League tie?
Who was a notable disciple of Leibniz?
A 5th-century building in Huldah is believed to be what?
What were rockets called at this time?
what is the age limit for ias for sc
who won the battle of the little bighorn
Was does ROPMA stand for in the USAF? 
Is iron more dense than zinc?
Who is Legend's hero?
who were the group of five working for
what is the cat 's name on mickey mouse clubhouse
Though several torchbearers withdrew from the torch relay, the official website for China stated that Indian torch participants vowed to run for what?
how much was the jackpot?
what is the coldest temperature in death valley
What is the explanation for copper's capacity for electrical conductivity?
What property of thorium oxide has caused it to no longer be used in eyeglasses?
Who was the first president of the Republic of China?
What does the film dedicate much of it's time to?
What was the tiping point for many?
What is meant to 'draw attention to crisis'?
Where did a Han revolt occur?
Real kicked off the Spanish football season with a win over which team?
How much did the television commercial "1984" cost?
Will charges be leveled?
who plays dixie in the fox and the hound 2
When the madaris are considered as a charity, who controls the school?
What is Tuckers first name?
where is the eye of the sahara located
What type of geological event was feared could be caused by the morals of the emperor?
Where is the mosque located that says terror recruiters are not part of their organization?
the after-tax profits that are distributed to stockholders are called
Who is resigning?
what is the killers run for cover about
who assists in negotiations with pirates?
Former confidant's books is based on how many hours of interviews?
who says hakuna matata in the lion king
who wrote the united states bill of rights
who plays guitar in no sleep till brooklyn
What is Galicia's main mountain range?
When is David Plouffe's book released?
how many were injured
when does the 2018 formula one season start
How many minutes into the game did Klose score?
What may provide relief to elephants?
what was the girl 's name in maniac magee
who sings you make my dreams come true
What was ivory reportedly disguised as?
What a 13-year old Chinese girl to save her dying father?
Who will the Ukranian third face?
when did the ottoman empire take over jerusalem
when does premier league player of the month come out
stone monuments often collective tombs from europe 's neolithic period are often referred to as
When is a newborn boy's hair first cut?
Who is very very disappointed?
What team does Lionel Messi play for?
apolipoprotein e4 appears to play a role in
Who said that architecture was able extend beyond function?
What did Billy Mays die from?
What was the console's most common problem?
when is the new tappan zee bridge supposed to be finished
What number of people are at risk of starvation?
What was designed for less daily connections?
who sang lonely is a man without love
who wrote the art of the deal book
star wars clone wars tv or movie first
where did wu tang clan get their name
When did season eight premiere?
By what name is the era in the 3rd millennium around 1500 BC known?
Which position did Halman play?
What was the city attacked by in 1943?
What did geographical zones encourage the sharing of?
Who set up beds and toilets?
who was in charge of the british forces sent to capture new orleans
How many girls were given a safe haven to learn?
andaman and nicobar comes under the jurisdiction of
What topic did Hayek never write a book about as he said he would?
where is vandenberg air force base on a map
Who attended the inauguration ?
What year did the executions stop?
who played harry in harry in the hendersons
How is BYU's collegiate ballroom dance program rated worldwide?
What eye color is believed to be the norm among Greeks ?
what is the prison island in san francisco bay
What does Mark David Hall think people focus on way too much?
Reforms in the Ottoman court system were based on what model?
who does the houston astros play in the playoffs
When was Pendergrass involved in a car accident?
What two major department stores are located at the Third Street Promenade?
What are the names of London's two primary opera houses?
What disease made Mabel deaf?
How long is the team's visit to New York?
What war was 'Saving Private Ryan' about?
Does Haiti have a good infrastructure?
Where is much of the industry now located?
What prize did To Kill a Mockingbird win?
The previous record beaten by Park Avenue was for what real estate?
What was the subject of the waxwork?
where does the earth internal heat comes from
where does the last name ugarte come from
when did dublin win 3 in a row
what transmission is in a 2003 jeep liberty
when is super meat boy forever coming out
who is the film catch me if you can based on
what is georgia's largest amusement park
What happened 18 years ago?
at what time this happened
Why did Hume say we expect the sun to rise?
Who is Laura Ling?
how many yards in a cfl football field
when did they stop using knob and tube
where was the final scene of point break filmed
The soldiers were found where?
when did the first nintendo system come out
What did researcher say?
Where was the suspected gunman found at?
the part of the inner ear that monitors three planes or rotational movement is called the
What was argued to be holding back new knowledge for treating diseases?
the office season 6 episode 1 guest stars
What does the app use to navigate?
What was lohan's start time
What group runs the Cherokee language preservation project?
when was the last time new zealand went to the world cup
Near what park is the monument dedicated to the person traditionally regarded as discovering America?
Who is excited after getting a part-time job?
The twin hotel bombings took place in which capital city?
What was thought to be the main focal point of the debate?
When did many former colonies' citizens begin immigrating into Britain?
What is "dollars" a reference to?
What is the JK Bridge a nickname for?
How is Corinthian bronze made?
invar tapes are made of an alloy of
where does the protein in yogurt come from
when was the microwave introduced to the public
How many autonomous oblasts were part of the RSFSR?
when did sat change from 2400 to 1600
who pays the taxes within an s corporation
What are the fonts that support Unicode referred to as? 
Which inscription was eliminated due to the Statue of Liberty being added to the coin?
How long have Bridges and Robinson been dating?
What school district is this?
What medal did Fuller receive?
What place did Alonso needed to finsih in to win last year?
What is the purpose of a variorum?
What is it that can be sent?
What have long been recognized for their health benefits?
Which film was first on the list?
What is the name for the division of the periods of history introduced by Bruni?
who is reporting
Who died in a motorcycle accident?
who is the father of kelly taylor 's son on 90210
Besides offering money, what else did Comcast include in their proposal to buy Disney?
what episode is the flash and supergirl crossover musical
Which sector is the Southeast Asia heavily dependent on?
Who tried to put a little humor in the situation?
What makes Windows Store apps unique?
harry potter and the chamber of secrets tom riddle actor
What did the family want to clone?
Can sound waves permanently harm sea mammals?
what type of book is where the red fern grows
How many medical schools are in Hyderabad?
Who was the runner up?
a situation in which a country is closed to any international trade is referred to as
Who is the permanent guardian of Michael's kids?
how old do u have to be to get a tattoo in north carolina
where do plants get the energy that they pass along to the primary consumers in their food chains
Where did the flood happen?
when did the queen last come to australia
What country has the U.N. accused of committing war crimes?
what Obama do?
Who demanded documents on the Iraq contractor?
How much did the Macintosh II sell for?
Where did Martin make his debut?
What are the power variants in USB 3.0 ports?
who wrote i ca n 't smile without you
What is the main action AC and DC systems have to deal with?
What was Hunter charged with?
How many students are in New York City public schools?
What did the senator say?
who is the mother in how i met you mother
How many soldiers were from the Beijing Military?
what state did the battle of shiloh take place in
What did James von Brunn say?
who is the new vice president of sierra leone
What do peasants make up the vast majority of in the world?
Where are chain stores?
What type of situation was he seen in?
Who was the CPC's 2011 candidate?
What will Ruben Jurado deny?
What is the total number of bodies found?
who wrote the song carry on my wayward son
What supported the GL carpet?
where is shawshank prison located in the movie
Who visits Gulf Coast on Tuesday to survey BP oil spill?
Who can be credited with finding out DDT is useful as an insecticide?
How much was the second television rights contract awarded to Sky worth?
What disease contributed greatly to Bell's death?
Who is holding the symposium?
How many people can be seated for an ice hockey game at TD Garden?
who won the war on the eastern front
where does the last name dukes come from
When did the U.S. Supreme Court rule clauses forbidding people from holding public office based on their religion was unenforceable? 
where was the disaster
What does CBNRM stand for?
What does the governor declare?
Have sharks been tagged in the Atlantic before?
What aspect of historical styles did a lot of architects find lacking in modernist styles?
In what year did the three EI techniques from ISO 12232:1998 largely stop being used?
What accounting method was utilized in this period?
What benefit is offered by solid state paper capacitors?
What did the judge's order say?
where is the nfl pro bowl game being played
who are the surviving members of the beatles
What plays OBAMA?
when was the grauman 's chinese theater built
When was the ban put in place?
Where is the officer living with injuries from the Iraq war from?
when did this happen?
Treaty undergoing review in a Czech court to determine what?
What kind of system is a solar chimney?
banks such as merrill lynch took part in the accounting fraud by
where is ruidoso new mexico on the map
Which phone can geotag its own photos?
What is it based on?
What did Clinton beat Guiliani by?
Along with Thai Boxing, in what has Mohamed Jama won a European title?
Who wrote The Threepenny Opera?
this nb town has a giant axe statue
What did research in 2015 suggest was an alternate label for gaydar?
where will the world series 2017 be held
Which of Hayek's works did Friedman once teach?
The 330 North Wabash Building was recognized with what award?
What item got stuck in the chihuahua's head?
who played in the first baseball game ever
who does bo end up with in lost girl
What was Chuck Foster charged with?
where is bates motel supposed to take place
How many seas are allocated to the Turkish community?
Who was found dead?
For which song, did Destiny's Child take home the grammy award for best R&B performance?
How much was the fine?
when did brown v board of education take place
Which winds pick up to 50 mph?
What has killed at least 83 children in Angola?
who has won the most nba championships team
Who has made the transition?
how many trees have been planted
who sang kookie kookie lend me your comb
What do virtually all culture techniques rely on at some point?
when do they put up the rockefeller tree
when confronted by horatio what causes the ghost to leave
Who did Siddiiqui shoot at?
In 2014, millionaires made up what percentage of New York City's population?
What is difficult to find
when does the full version of h1z1 come out
What job did Charlie Sheen lose?
What's the point of ironing clothing?
which nation in oceania has the highest gdp
when did the nfl and the afl merge
what was the deadliest in the u.s. in more than 20 years?
What do ground level tests show?
How much does Saudi judge define as lavish?
who was the suspect
How long has the family been looking for her?
Who was on board the copter?
who is the present deputy speaker of the karnataka legislative assembly 2018
Which is one of Sin Hwa Dee's factories?
What did sacha baron cohen create?
Who has moved in with her ex?
Who is Southwest's CEO?
Where are boaters advised to avoid?
who has the most consecutive nba finals appearances
what is the supreme law of the united states of america
Where the Israeli-Palestinian meeting was hold?
what is the county of grand prairie tx
who is Mayweather fighting on Saturday?
What are two reasons Ronald Gray was convicted?
who came first as permanent settlers in the philippines
Who claims the British record without conceding a goal?
who was sent to england to convert the pagan anglo-saxons
how old was djokovic when he started playing tennis
when was the wizard of oz first released
Whose best interests are placed above others?
when is the next icc cricket t20 world cup
who played dallas in the 1986 movie stagecoach
What does Obama drop?
How many volunteers have come forward?
The differential analyzer by H.L. Hazen and Vannevar Bush was first being built in what year?
why do they call it the smoky mountains
zone in crystal maze thats bedecked with candles
Who did Kennedy ask for prayers?
Who finished in second place?
Who has been sentenced to maximum sentence of life in prison.
what is the theme of the story of robin hood
What offices will be closed on Monday?
What number of US soldiers died on patrol?
who plays the daughter in the new freaky friday
Who is Le Saux?
Who visited the White House on son's last night as president?
Who outlined the reasons for martial law?
who was the first one to win american idol
When were many of the large hotels demolished?
who played major hochstetter on hogan 's heroes
what magnitude was the quake?
Where were the floats sold?
Who names 13 nations?
What is the name of the process being developed by the Weizmann Institute?
when does lent start in the catholic church
who was involved in the battle of cowpens
Where did the Qing find their officials?
What was the average for viewership by finale night?
where do the symbols of elements come from
What year was The Ballroom built?
In this type of federation each country had its own what? 
Who is taking control?
who are the two guys that do the sonic commercials
when was the last time new zealand was in the world cup
who plays grant ward on agents of shield
what does French plane collide with?
Which oysters are the U.S. government warning against eating?
Which dress wowed the fashion world?
the renaissance began in which area of europe
Who discussed country's security plans?
What does the order mark?
Where was a protest organized about the Olympic relay in India?
Who is the BMW heiress?
what team was lebron james on before lakers
who holds veto power in the united nations security council
Where was she based?
Who was the founder of the Ayyubid dynasty?
State the gay bishop operated out of?
What is one of the key problems in the crisis?
who was allowed to vote in the original constitution
where was flood advisories?
who sang i 've been through the desert on a horse with no name lyrics
who advances in the group stage of the world cup
Over which New Haven river does 1-95 cross on the east side?
What state did Florida pass in population recently 
who performed with beyonce at the super bowl
Madonna brought which type of music to mainstream with Ray of Light?
What do successful people have in their favor?
Where does Donohoo work?
what does trd stand for on toyota trucks
number of pocahontas in the official disney princesses
Who is searching for the missing pilot
What was the capital of Danish Estonia?
what does a rose mean on the bachelor
Which entity started to appoint the administration of universities in the 17th century?
which type of air pressure is associated with warm air rising
How many judges are in Tribunal?
When was the baby born?
Who calculated the annual growth?
When was she given a home?
Children under what age often cannot comprehend sarcasm?
To which organization did the killers think Indian peasants had ties?
What Ricky Martin song is mentioned in the article?
when did the last episode of the flash air
how many members bjp has in rajya sabha
How can the feared self be described in terms of the adolescent?
What does the village feature?
What increased from 2006 to last year?
who do you play as in fire emblem fates
What is the date of the arraignment hearing?
When was the Windows 8 Release Preview accidentally revealed?
when did canada become the official name of the land
Why is it important for textual critics to analyze the Gospels?
when did the civil war in el salvador end
when was the last episode of being mary jane
who meets with the Secretary of State in New York
what is the tallest building in richmond virginia
What is Woody Allen's new film?
who owns the rights to the panama canal
Where was this tornado?
where is potassium located in the human body
An MRI study on dogs proved that dogs have the same response as humans to what?
Which architect was a transitional figure?
how long is a governor 's term in alabama
Who is Robert Mugabe?
what did the 1906 law forbid?
Where will the second round be?
How long ago did Tuscan have their first visitors?
what town does rick and morty take place in
In what year did the US take control of Wake Island?
total area of land under forest in pakistan
Who have the Rohingya being fleeing persecution from?
Who does the organizer hope to inspire?
What are some factors to consider in calculating operating costs of lighting?
what are some names of some types of clouds
what is the number of rare diseases worldwide
Which hormones are produces when a animal is stressed out?
What is Ana Cristina's ethnicity?
Who were the Humanists in agreement with about using these manuscripts in their quests for pure Christian living?
What are U.N. officials watching closely?
who is set to sign the legislation?
Where was the small plane last sighted?
Why was a solar eclipse impossible?
What are some examples of hypersensitivities?
What central African warriors are said to cover themselves in red for celebrations?
What is Geimsa stain?
what was operation twisted traveler?
What did Rogers chose to become?
Whats the name of the woman who sought treatment?
who played kelly on save by the bell
What is the name of the kingdom that became dominant along the coastline of Myanmar? 
What is largely confined to veterans, the elderly, and the poor?
What prompted Hirsi Ali to go into hiding?
What is the German basic law?
why is it called tgs on 30 rock
who played mr bingley in pride and prejudice
when did the serial yeh rishta kya kehlata hai started
where was the first burger king restaurant located
In what type of soil is zinc deficiency most common?
Other than a company, who else can own a character?
What did Travolta sign?
What is Seattle famous for?
who is uncle drew in the movie uncle drew
Who is the best doctor?
What did Leon Battista Alberti consider most important for beauty?
who says all that glitters is not gold in the merchant of venice
who did kansas city lose to last year in the playoffs
What trial does she face?
What did Kanye state that Yeezus was?
Who provided the game obtained in feudal territory?
who are pakistani taliban
What status does the English Premier League  now have?
Prior to his schooling, what was the state of Hayek's reading skills?
When are symptoms of asthma normally worse?
who shot samuel boyd
when did a bad moms christmas cone out
How are stray earth currents kept to a manageable levels? 
when was the book fifty shades of grey written
who sang i was born under a wondering star
where is the biggest guinness brewery in the world
what is the setting of handmaid 's tale
When was the previous record set?
What did the Department of the Interior say?
What are genes that occur from duplication within an organism's genome called?
who made the song how far i 'll go
what was the reason for the passage of the american indian citizenship act of 1924
What does Blackwater say?
where are the southern alps located in new zealand
who has the power over the money in the us government
How do the capacitors connected in parallel act with currents from the power supply?
who are getting z + security in india
What was the name of the humorous feature penned by Wolverton?
What style of columns did Abbott Suger use when reconstructing Saint Denis?
Who was the RAF night fighter ace that used airborne radar to destroy a Ju 88 bomber?
when did the song i believe i can fly
The area of Science Park was originally filled with what?
Who was named chairman of the Republican National Committee?
What airport serves Melbourne?
when was the last time the cowboys won the superbowl
What books did Updike write?
During what century did Florentine Tuscan begin to be used in poetry?
abnormal breathing with patterns of dyspnea and apnea
Who opposed the extension?
who plays alison in pretty little liars tv show
who played in planet of the apes 2001
What action triggered the fine?
what is the growth rate of indian economy
how many floors in the john hancock tower boston
who wrote aaj jane ki zid na karo
when is hispanic heritage month celebrated in the united states
Who will shore up mortgage giants if necessary?
What were Wesley Clarks's core issues?
What was Blatter hurt by?
Jackson was named prince of what?
How long are their sentences going to be?
Who was the Judge of the case?
guardians of the galaxy cast gamora 's sister
who wrote the fantastic beasts and where to find them
who is the voice of jen on jesse stone
what kind of meat is used for shabu shabu
when the  satellite collided?
How long can travelers travel once they are authorized?
Where did the aircraft crash?
the p-wave phase of an electrocardiogram ( ecg ) represents
What average attendance number was exceeded by the Premier League in the 2014-15 season?
Since what year has The Times and The Sunday Times had an online presense?
who played rachel dawes in the dark knight
when is the next round of the champions league draw
What did McMahon tell to Larry King?
What is Jeff Ament famous for?
What does the CAR get help with with regards to communication from ITU-D?
Which direction does Neptune's winds move relevant to the plant's rotation?
What was Philadelphia's biggest industry during the 19th century?
What did the police fire upon?
last episode of rick and morty season 3
Who were the first to practice a primitive form of irrigation agriculture?
Who was no where to be found in first half?
How old was Schwarzenegger when he won Mr. Olympia in 1970?
What cutting edge treatment did Joseph Lister use to treat Queen Victoria's illness?
What century did George Berkeley live in?
who plays lemon 's mom in hart of dixie
Who benefited from secondary schools?
What will the money raised be going towards?
how old can you be to play for england u21
what is the source of the river clyde
What is cotton wool called in the US?
What indicated the proper direction and angle of descent?
Which team finished fourth in the 2009-10 season?
What kind of molecular hydrogen is the H+3 knows as?
what 's the main train station in edinburgh called
what episode does deeks and kensi get together
Who was added as a fourth judge for the eighth season?
How many people were living in Northern Cyprus according to the 2006 census?
How wide was the widest tornado ever?
Which sorority were the women members of?
What is the act called of giving partners advantages in Digimon?
What resulted having no natural predators for the animals introduced?
what can happen if beads are swallowed by children?
who is the man in the go compare advert
what is the mass of the planet venus
where Darla Jones sympathizes with the Palin family?
When is the first state dinner of the Obama administration?
who sang first cut is the deepest first
Who was the chairman of the Everton FC in 1892?
who has the sole power to try an impeachment
Do boys or girls view drinking in a more social light?
What is the process by which a mature mRNA molecule is used as a template for synthesizing a new protein called?
What Greek dialect had three-way stop distinction like Eastern Armenian?
Which body called for strengthened security?
who established mission san francisco de la espada
how many turbos does a bugatti veyron ss have
What popular property in Monopoly was actually a misspelling?
How long was the strike?
Who designed the Pyramid of Djoser?
How many Buddhists are in China?
What do the Tibetan exile leaders back?
what are the names of the ghosts in pacman
Who did Williams beat
What is a reason the place was called Calvary?
who plays cat on beauty and the beast
how many cherokees were on the trail of tears
whats the youngest age you can get a driver 's permit
Who is the DPIC?
what gets more views world cup or super bowl
What did Beatty plead guilty to?
What one criteria was used in early times to judge a great power's status?
where did the name elephant and castle come from
What has fighting done?
jennifer hudson when she was on american idol
When did Richard Gasquet test positive for cocaine?
Does Paris see snow?
What is the great climate swoop?
when did the us go to war with korea
when did the handmaid 's tale take place
When did the invasion of Irag Baathist Institutions take place?
when do we vote for mid term elections
where is the dominican republic located on a map
What is the archaeological period of the Mauryan Empire?
How was Blue Ivy credited on Glory?
where was killing occured
who won in floyd mayweather vs conor mcgregor
what year did the turf war begin
Who helped bring them together?
Where did Wright used to work?
What did the Tibetans use against Ming forays?
How many short wave radio stations broadcast from the capital?
Who was it a tribute to?
Rosen suggests that a central part of Chopin's uniqueness is how he handles what?
What are they battling control over?
Will the McQueen label survive despite Alexander McQueen's death?
What is the US city with the second largest population?
Asking questions about an organization's needs will help to create what?
What denomination of Christianity had the highest percentage of Nobel Prize winners between 1901 and 1972 in America?
WHen did the Piast dynasty appear?
What part of the US military developed an electromechanical analog computer to use on a submarine?
When were the first demonstrations in Kazakhstan to protest the removal and replacement of Konayev?
who played the leprechaun in the movie leprechaun
Where did the funeral take place?
What type of shopping malls is that?
What woman said they prayed on their own
What did the state council set up in 2008?
who is making accusations
What NASA program benefited from the use of decision science applications?
Who trained in a face mask?
How many arrondissements are there?
when was the social model of disability introduced
who won the great australian bake off season 2
what is the size of a human liver
what is Faezeh Hashemi was arrested last year?
Who was Poland's foreign minister in 2011?
who wrote i want to be your everything
who have most followers on twitter in world
When was Napoleon crowned King of Italy?
Who was Turnbull elected to replace?
What happened to Hammer as a child?
What had national implications in an off election year?
What ruling is Britain appealing?
when did mcdonald 's get the golden arches
What do they get in exchange?
What is the relationship similarity to Ladin?
What year did the White Stockings capture their third consecutive pennant?
What precedent of the machine gun did the French troops also possess?
who won the football world cup in south africa
who was the voice of bailey in a dogs purpose
What League was Polybius a statesman?
What organelles are unique to algae?
when was un declaration of human rights written
where Knife's blade missed vital organs by centimeters?
In what year were religious plays banned in the Netherlands?
Does the media showcase giant killers? 
What month has the most precipitation? 
Who died on Tuesday?
where was the shape of water movie filmed
when was the last time halley 's comet came by
how many letters are there in surah fatiha
who played austin on days of our lives
what encourage afghan farmers to grow wheat?
What was Brock charged with?
when did tv 's first have remote controls
What did Prince William do to help charities?
Who was cleared of affray charge?
Which borough of NYC is home to the The New York City Fire Department headquarters?
Therapy dogs can help increase what in people suffering with Alzheimer's?
What movement gained momentum worldwide in the 60's?
What is its northernmost point?
What originally formed the Tuvalu islands?
when did the spanish civil war take place
who came up with the idea of the titanic
When was samurai armor last used?
who are looking for the couple
How many American military personnel, civilians overseas could catch game?
what is the wilshire 5000 total market index
Who is convicted in the slaying of Anne Pressly?
What is the name of the secular building in Spain which was constructed for the purpose of silk exchange?
When did Schwarzenegger withdraw from involvement with Planet Hollywood?
When did Universal inaugurate its studio tour subsidiary?
What party regained power in Britain in 1951?
who was the first president defeated for reelection
What river borders Plymouth on the west?
Which company will be offering trans-Atlantic Wi-Fi service in the third quarter?
WHat was Alonsons last years final position?
who plays the most interesting man in the world
What was the time span of the Roman Republic?
Whose was the son Gilani?
who lets new states become part of the us
How long was the gunbattle?
How many years did the 83 year old former moonshiner get?
size of each interior angle of a regular heptagon
What does Verizon drop at least 2.1%
who died at the age of 32
when The Rev. Michael Massaro was stabbed ?
What people in Turkey protested for their people living in China?
what engine was used for breath of the wild
In what way could US-Indian relations be cemented?
What is Joselito Ortega's profession?
where paul Smith traveled to New Zealand from?
how much of us gdp goes to military
how far is madison wisconsin to milwaukee wisconsin
What type of school was the Avery Normal Institute?
What has allowed Classical musicians to perform music from many centuries ago?
Name of the president?
r kelly you remind me of something album
who is the winner of masterchef india 2016
What airlines did the suspects target?
What year was Locomotive #1673 made in?
Mayor orders investigation into
What kind of fruit was used to conceal the marijuana?
What product got popular in Paris after Napoloen's death?
Who said that they didn't sustain any casualties during the operation?
What is the name of ancient Sanskrit grammar?
What replaced many of the modest boarding houses? 
The United Nations Statistics Division defines Western Asia to contain what?
What did Gyanendra say?
when does a woman 's body produce milk
when is the last time a total eclipse happened in the us
who is martin silver
What type of problem does the current developed country rating not take into enough consideration?
Who were the curia regis?
when did women 's suffrage start in australia
where did the phrase spaghetti western come from
What is Pelosi under attachkfor?
What length of time were they given to leave?
What can decreased material possessions produce in a hunter-gatherer society?
Who was the winner of this season?
Who is Mariska Hargitay?
A boat was found near where?
who is  major blow to Taliban militants?
where is the headquarters of the mcdonald 's corporation located
Organophospates and carbamates cause which symptoms?
Who was the leader of the Bolsheviks in 1917?
where does the el camino real start and end
when did season 2 of good morning call come out
What does one need to remember about  the date of February 29 in the Julian calendar?
When is the film set?
How many people are banned?
Who was teaching when they became famous?
according to the reports, Mehsud was injured because of what?
who played the mom on the suite life of zack and cody
what kind of investagtion is underway
when does the new spiderman video game come out
who sang vande mataram for the first time
Whose homes were destroyed?
Who was indicted by a Virginia grand jury?
When is the swap going to take place?
what is the man with the yellow hat 's real name
What can a Z$1,000 note purchase?
did the white house declare anything
this is how you remind me nickelback meaning
what us state is closest to niagara falls
Pullela Gopichand and Saina Nehwal are known in Hyderabad for being what?
In NOMA, what should be used to answer questions about the physical world?
who was involved in the railroad strike of 1877
How many Turkish Cypriots voted for the Annan Plan in 2004?
how many members in the senate are democratic
Why did this occur?
Where is Michael Vick?
who has spent the longest amount of time in space
What did Rome make the myriad various cults?
What agreement banned the use of CFC s?
Who suffered from mental disabilities?
what is the speech about?
What does the little castle on the north side of the park house?
who played the voice of shaggy in scooby doo
where does winterbourne take daisy on their first date
Who was expelled?
where did the famous shootout at the okay corral take place
How many did authorities arrest?
who won entertainer of the year at the cma awards
How many staff members did Imperial claim to have in 2014?
what year did the first blade runner take place
What type of labor have some countries come under fire for employing?
Which country besides Brazil does St. Barts import its labor force from?
when did the spanish land in south america
who won the ncaa football championship in 2018
What disease did the actress fight for seven years?
what does it mean if u have a big adam 's apple
Were EditDroid discs single or multi-sided?
The people of Nigeria are among what?
Who are the only women who follow the tradition of covering half of their faces, though not their hair?
What did he propose to measure attraction?
where are the fruits of the spirit found in the bible
What do DC occupiers want?
who is closest to cal ripken jr record
The transition from child-to-adulthood can be broadly defined as what?
Who is the first franchise to reach one billion views?
In what year did Royal Dutch Shell make a bid to purchase approximately 30% of Shell Oil Company's shares?
Which author wrote that "Galicians are called so, because of their fair skin, as the Gauls"?
Who brought forward a law that would given citizenship right to Italian allies of Rome?
When was the release preview set to expire?
Who was torturing a man?
who worked as a constitutional advisor for constitutional assembly
How many votes were cast?
who is the manager of the az diamondbacks
Who bid on the contract?
who played the wedding planner in father of the bride
what does the zip in zip code stand for
Who was shunned by the tennis comminty?
What did Paterno say?
How many talents did Diadochi steal from Ectabana, Persepolis and Susa?
Who argued that the Umayyads regarded Islam as a particularly aristocratic faith?
What is not related to the arrest?
what is the reason for the difference?
What did the winds bring down?
Who was the University of Georgia professor suspected of killing?
The highest ranking persons title in British india is?
what led to the decline of the qin dynasty in china
What in somebodys past caused problems for the Kinsey scale?
What is the name of the non-profit organization?
who won the 2018 indianapolis 500 race today
When did Obama launch airstrikes on ISIS?
when was the monopoly of east india company in trade brought under the control of the british crown
Where is hurricane Fay?
who did ousted CEO meet with?
What category does NOMA fall under?
who does ryan reynolds play in green lantern
who were the panelists on what 's my line
How many teams does the Armenian Premier League have?
What are some examples of phase change materials?
what is the name of the vietnamese currency
What was rescued alive?
Which area in the British Isles is s the most populated?
when was the first metal roller coaster built
who wrote the song do you believe in magic
a business model describes the rationale of how an organization creates
What amount of the graduate student body at Notre Dame live on the campus?
Who had tried to enact a law that places a limit on the amount of property any single individual could possess?
what are the little fish that attach themselves to sharks
What time will the concert air?
What city did current day Gyumri used to be called?
Who was the photographer whose seal was on the back of the photographs?
How many people were killed?
how long did he spend in the kingdom
Which Grand Vizier attempted a siege of Vienna in 1683?
when did nigeria civil war started and ended
When was the first large solar distillation plant created?
when did nigeria won under 17 world cup
Where did the Hornets play after Hurricane Katrina?
What would the defense secretary consider?
the republican ascendancy of the 1920 's began with whose election
who was peyton manning in the movie ferdinand
What did the witness say?
Where mosque set ablaze and vandalized?
Who tried to attack Marine locations?
which 1966 novel is a prequel to jane eyre
who plays red queen alice in wonderland 2010
where is the ark built in the us
Who started the petition?
what part of the brain is memory affected by alcohol
what country is it happening near
What was the first organism to produce oxygen through photosynthesis?
who stopped the reforms of the qing emperor in 1898
whats Indian Formula One driver says the race can boost the sport's popularity?
who wrote the song when i was your man
What was Swift doing when she was interrupted by West?
where do the la rams play their home football games
What was granted last week against release of the footage?
Who holds a republican position some consider to monarch of Britain?
Besides Georgia, what other state primary did Edwards win?
what is the name of the werewolf in twilight
Did the political parties choose those colors?
who seized convoy?
What is the name of the downtown arena?
What does Howard say?
When did the USSR dissolve?
What nickname prompted a return to the canon on the club crest?
What did Joseph Stiglitz say?
who played zeb in how the west was won
What does Ayn Rand say is the same as laughing at yourself?
What are 14 percent suspected of turning to?
What does not appear to help athletic performance that do not have asthma?
Who succeeded Emperor Constantius?
At what age has Ray Gravell died?
On the spectrum of light, where is red found?
When was the first American Baptist church established?
Who was the crowd paying tribute to?
How many states in the US have the death penalty?
What plant was mandated to be grown by the French?
which type of organism produces food in an ecosystem
How many barrels of oil does Prudhoe Bay produce per day?
state the type of stimulus that would cause a knee jerk reflex to occur
what US should produce?
where are stratified squamous cells found in the body
What type of disagreement existed in tribal groups that were controlled by charismatic leaders?
What did the boy get
Aside from finding out what underlying phonemes are there what does the phonological study of a language try to find out about the language?
How many men were arrested in connection with the Hong Kong acid attack last month?
What is the finest border ballad?
when does the new season of american ninja warrior
What is a RTD used for on a Thermal Conductivity gauge?
how many times have dallas won the superbowl
Which dynasty ruled Tibet through a top-level administrative department?
who has won most academy awards for best actress
who is the commissioner of bir in the philippines
who is becky in when calls the heart
How many years old was the businessman?
How much money did Sidney Frank leave to Brown University months before he died?
When did the latest magnitude 6 aftershock occur?
what level of courts handle reviews of lower court decisions
who played the russian hockey coach in miracle
How much boost in TV viewers do insiders expect
Despite conflicts with Arab governments, who continued to support Nasser?
How many years is the deal with Legendary Pictures intended to run?
In which direction do systemic pesticide generally travel through a plant?
who is the chief minister of delhi one served as the youngest minister of the haryana government
what number of people where arrested in New York
Who seeks normalization of relations with Washington?
who plays baloo in the jungle book 2016
Why did Queen Victoria want to take over other countries? 
What type of BYU TV network opened in 2000 under Pres. Merrill J. Bateman?
Who asked Paul VI for permission to cooperate with Protestants to translate the bible?
where is the strongest bone in the body located
who are part of un program?
Where do the traffickers hide drugs?
when does little big shots australia come on
What was the illness termed?
What publications were shut down 1972?
when does the next episode of adventure time come out
who became the chairman of tats sons in 2017
Who has a trial on Monday?
what part of a plant is a carrot
which country in the eu has the largest population
where is ojai valley
What does xeer boggeyaal mean in English?
where 52 dead?
What other royal figure strongly influenced Frederick William III's decision to go to war with France?
who scored first double century in odi cricket
when did the buffalo sabres join the nhl
where was movie life of the party filmed
what is the meaning of quaid e azam
When did Iran approach diplomats with the offer?
where does the wife carrying contest take place
Who is the main character of the book?
When did the liberation of Strasbourg take place?
Messi has scored how manyy goals?
Who offers free sightseeing flights?
group conflicts are resolved during which stage of linear group development
When was the compromise plan agreed?
what is being debated
What did Duch offer?
What did another tree fall on?
Where is Tropical Storm Claudette?
What was on the land at 30 degrees latitude north in the carboniferous period?
what was the apollo heat shield made of
What body oversees soccer in Nepal?
who played the title character he-man in the 1987 live action movie masters of the universe
What is the artist's name who created the first double portrait of Princes William and Harry?
what was the northern flag in the civil war
what is the result when the progesterone level drops from a regressing corpus luteum
who plays max branning 's wife in eastenders
When did the First Aliyah begin?
To travel from Biscayne Bay to Miami, in what direction would one move?
when does arrow season 6 air on tv
What changes the structuak traits of a wave on either side?
What effect did  having taxes charged at a fixed amount have on it's revenue?
What did Chancellor Willy Brandt propose in his  28 October 1969 address?
What did Edgar Martins' photo essay showcase?
What did Al Qaeda offer?
Who asked Rome for assistance after being overburdened by their enemies?
How many firefighters battled blazes across the state?
What body of water affects Detroit's climate?
When was the earliest evidnce of settlement in the city centre?
What station does not identify itself by its call letters?
What was General McChrystal reaction to the airstrike ?
When was the white canon logo replaced with the club crest?
Who reported that Dell was offering to sell their manufacturing plants?
How much was lost?
What is Jorge Alberto Lopez Orozco being charged with?
when does the new episodes of jane the virgin come out
How many people are affiliated with religion?
Who made the announcement that the VooDoo were shutting down?
What can't help locate planes?
In what year did Sultan Selim I order the massacre of 40,000 people whom he considered heretics?
What is the case a part of?
iPods released before what year had issues with distorted bass?
How many of the Irrawaddy still exist?
Who had promised to released the boy, his mother, and another woman?
What scenes did the paintings on homes depict?
What can be either lossy or lossless?
Where is the bear's natural habitat?
who made the song going up the country
PRI has  what percent of vote ?
In what year was the language of the Yi people standardized?
What was the value of Gaddafi's supposed British property holdings as of November 2011?
When was the Eisenhower Doctrine adopted?
Do chicken raised in the intensive broiler method suffer from health condions?
who has the most touchdown passes in college football
what did the pregnant woman find
Which street marks the western boundary of the shopping distrit?
What is the one exception to the NFL's 4-preseason-game limit?
who is the executive director of alpha kappa alpha
What is another cathedral in which simple cylindrical columns stand out more than the Gothic features?
what was the last major battle of the war in europe
Who is on trial for 17 charges?
How many piano concerts did Frédéric perform in Vienna during this time?
What was captured?
how many states in india are bicameral in their governance structure
who won the national league west this year
what episode of glee does mr schuester proposes
What is Michael Nikoletseas profession?
How long had horses been extinct in the Americas prior to their re-introduction?
Under the reign of who did the Ottoman empire control much of Southeastern Europe?
Who had a blunt conversation?
romeo and juliet she is the fairies midwife
who starred in as good as it gets
In which year did Imperial University claim the award for being voted the highest in the UK for Job Prospects?
What numbered department of the Supreme Court is located in Brooklyn?
While staying in China, Kanye was the only what in his class?
Who told police?
who is current chief justice of sindh high court
the primary ethnic factional groups fighting each other in iraq after the invasion were
who has the least amount of nba championships
What were the two categories for race in the census?
Which Muslim scientist worked on trigonometry?
When did the Battle of Tarvis take place?
Who is the top seed?
Chitin is what kind of outer covering on an insect?
when did worldwide efforts to eradicate polio begin
Where were the first isps established?
who sings the skye boat song in outlander
Who sent him the letter informing him of his mother's death?
the right to a jury trial appears in which amendment to the u.s. constitution
What did the survivors of Flight 1549 listen to?
who played the original ridge on bold and the beautiful
What is the groundbreaking surgery tool?
where does here comes the bride come from
What films are full of life-affirming moments?
Other than pre - echo, what is another example of what can happen when audio is compressed?
What species spread towards the poles during the Jurassic?
where is the dxl frisco bowl being played
What name did latest Italian Vogue use?
where Alleged pirate known in official documents as "Pirate Defendant?
when did deion sanders go to the cowboys
when did world war 2 end in germany
Which two Tennessee counties cover the area that comprised North Carolina's Tennessee County?
Who were the four permanent members of the League of Nations Council?
who played sax on money by pink floyd
Which country is considering joining the Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN)?
What did the protests consist of?
who is ben 's dad in descendants 2
Under which program did Eritrea develp and repair its transportation infrastructure during the war?
who sang the birds and the bees and the flowers and the trees
"The Little Horse" is also known as what?
What is said to have been added to animal food products?
What company is ending MotoGP involvement?
when does kiss me first start on channel 4
where is the soleus located in the body
What was the name of the Pact of August 1939?
What found mismanagement at the mortuary?
WHy did the foundation make the switch 
who do the agents represent in the matrix
What will reopen July 4th?
What did the Grand Alliance propose as the new standard for SDTV and HDTV?
what was the first british colony in north america
where was connie mack stadium located in philadelphia
In what neighborhood does the Halloween Parade take place?
Who never lost sight of God's purpose in the law?
What number of people rejected her book?
What were the small scales in yoroi called?
Which city is Tennessee's fourth largest?
who is the last king of mughal empire
How many consecutive years did American Idol been ranked number one in ratings?
what is school of open learning in du
Where did the U.S.-led operation take place?
At what school did the victim study?
news world india channel number on tata sky
When the eight factors are developed together, is leads to the cessation of what?
What 2 forms of mass is most of the universe consisted of?
when did high speed hdmi cables come out
Charleston is known for what type of food?
What did attorney ask?
when were july and august added to the calendar
Which political supporter of Willett's proposal had already used the half-hour version of DST at Sandringham?
when did eminem 's album revival come out
What did Chopin have a hard time getting delivered to Majorca?
Where is the equestrian statue of Bruno Mauricio de Zabala located? 
how much of the fresh water on earth is unfrozen and available for humans to use
How many nations submitted foreign films for consideration?
when did the era of good feelings come to an end
For how long have the sheep been studied?
What year is most commonly referred to as the beginning of psychology?
what is the song my hero by foo fighters about
In what year had Universal previously made a version of Show Boat?
What did intelligence reports reveal?
when did the us start drafting for vietnam
What have some laid-off workers done?
What government blocked aid after Cyclone Nargis?
who plays in this year 's world series
which amendment to the u.s. constitution provides for protection against self-incrimination
What are replication origins?
What did the witness see?
Who has been unable to concentrate on writing since January?
When was Mick Cornett first elected?
Where did the man's wife take their son?
grey 's anatomy what season does christina leave
who was the president when nafta was passed
What did the lawsuit claim?
What is the most populas city in the Australian state of Victoria?
How many were killed in government crackdown?
What has spiked 44 percent?
What was told to CNN by iraqi mothers?
In his dream, who told Joseph about Mary's conception?
when was the charter of rights and freedoms enacted
who illustrated alice in wonderland by lewis carroll
What is one of the Thunders nicknames?
Which country is the burn center in?
where is the great north air ambulance based
What was it that gave cardinals the right to elect the pope?
Who do the guards work for?
What was the response of the passengers?
who plays tom on halt and catch fire
Who is locked in power struggle?
Indian peasants were thought to have ties to which terrorist group?
who designed the glass pyramid in the louvre
What was reported
who is engaged to hockey player Mike Fisher?
What do people who eat dog meat consider Western culture, since people there do eat many different animals?
Who serves as the representative of the Director of National Intelligence?
when did the chiefs go to the super bowl
who is the top selling solo artist of all time
how many stokvels are there in south africa
What is the US government pressing for?
What was the name of the shuttle to be used in the final Hubble repair mission?
what California calculus teacher had budget for classroom?
Nutritional anthropologists investigate the interplay between economic systems and what?
when did spirit in the sky come out
What are terms that are not used outside of Switzerland known as?
who was our girl in the first series
where does the church 's social teaching come from
who sings if there 's any justice in the world
Who's new book hits shelves September 10?
What place does Lance Armstrong move to?
When did Elizabeth's grandfather die?
Who says 16 people have died from virus?
What shape does the eastern end often exhibit in France?
where do venus flytraps live in the wild
How many seats are the Conservatives predicted to win?
what is Chester accused of?
Who were the parties to the treaty of Versailles?
With whom did members of Congressional Black Caucus meet?
What type of aircraft was first used by the Delhi Flying Club after its founding?
who wrote the song welcome to my world
under communism who controls the means of production
How many artists are now practicing their craft in the country?
What have Canadian indigenous peoples been able to have a strong influence on?
when were life-sized mannequins first used in retail
what is the age of Hakim Scott?
What did Brown win?
What does JLR employ?
When did the Hundred Years' War begin?
What percentage of New Haven's economy is based in services grounded in health care and education?
What country put sanctions on Irans revolutionary guard,banks and individuals?
How has this foundation changed in recent years?
How many airlines operate out of Richmond International?
who won the gold medal in men 's snowboarding
who will be meeting with the jamaican pm?
Who was murdered?
How much of a drop was there in manufacturing jobs between 1990 and 2010?
when did england last reach a semi final world cup
when did apollo 11 first land on the moon
where did the name popeyes chicken come from
how many seasons is there of being mary jane
How could Japanese products only enter South Korea?
Who directed the movie?
20th century literature reacted to the objectivity of naturalism in the 19th century to what?
what label were the burrell's briefly with before their success?
who did southern democrats run for president under the newly formed dixiecrat party in 1948
What has to occur for a player in association football to be shown a red penalty card?
where is the college football championship played this year
what is the name of the company?
How many children and infants were onboard?
What was the profession of the man who wrote De Materia Medica?
did kansas city start in kansas or missouri
What was the damage to homes?
who has the biggest contract in baseball history
What condition besides sea level rise can damage coral reefs?
who is singing at the uefa champions league final
Where was Alfred North Whitehead born? 
When did Bill Mollison develop the technique?
About how many Jews live in New York City?
What percentage less money did Mexicans send back to Mexico than last August?
how many episodes in praky blinders season 4
In what year were the Ionian Islands captured by the French?
Are these agencies a requirement in the countries where they exist?
Where does funding come from?
what 's the first book in game of thrones
How much can a motorist be charged for needing to be rescued after ignoring safety precautions? 
Who did employers routinely blacklist of fire?
where is the air force boot camp located
how many harry potter rides are there at universal orlando
By understanding what does Vaisesika school believe one gains knowledge and liberation?
What did she die of?
What were the riots sparked by?
when was the importance of being ernest written
What civilizations used the divine and supernatural in their architecture?
When will Argo be launched?
throughout when can players move the ball in any direction?
What act restored the full British citizenship of the citizens of Saint Helena?
where do solar flares take place within the structure of the sun
What equipment did the Iraqi army possess?
When was this further endorsed by the CTIA?
Who is first  Republican to say publicly he won't vote for nominee?
where was the everybody loves raymond episode in italy filmed
which company started project loon to give balloon powered internet access to the world
The Propaganda Due Lodge was chartered by who?
What subgroup of phytochemicals helps make up the majority of the body's antioxidants?
How many people were killed?
How many legislative assemblies are  held each year?
Why might Neptune have more varied weather than Uranus?
What is the typical temperature range for a box cooker?
Where does solar energy come from?
where did sarah j maas go to college
What have the wildlife done to survive the harsh conditions of the Alps?
when did tampa last win the stanley cup
english bill of rights who makes laws regarding taxation
What aids in predicting changes of physical traits?
what type of monster is zoe from super monsters
What term describes the vibrational lattice mode that turns to 0 frequency at the change?
What does the United States calls Iran ?
who is big prime minister or president in india
what are the camps offering
What was the cover date on Marvel Comics #1?
when does the new gotti movie come out
Who found Bear?
Along with locals and tourists, who eats at Kathmandu's restaurants?
What metal was found?
Who was Singer a spokesperson for
What org says that filing shows need for stronger FDA?
the na / k pump helps a muscle cell maintain a state of
A group of neuron-clusters scattered in the core of the lower brain is called what?
What is required for animals with zinc deficiency to gain the same weight as animals with sufficient zinc?
How does Oklahoma's per-capita arts spending rank?
Where was the jet going?
where did rocky climb the steps in philadelphia
who is the owner of long john silvers
Who can translations of a sung text aid?
who invented candy corn and when was it first created
What was the White House stance?
who is the drummer for 3 doors down
At whose funeral did Chopin play in 1839?
When did the Islamic Golden Age reach its zenith?
where is area code 708 located in the usa
where did you can run but you can hide come from
what do the city of london police do
who wrote declaration of the rights of man and of the citizen
Who is new ambassador to Kuwait?
who sings where are you christmas on the grinch
how many were arrested?
who plays bernadettes dad on big bang theory
Does President Obama support 9/11 as a national day of service?
who won the smackdown women 's championship at wrestlemania
How many copies did the album sell worldwide?
what is the north bridge in a computer
How long are the chimes off?
who sings as steve smith in american dad
Which two countries positioned themselves to broker a deal returning to a pre-1930's treaty with each other?
who is sully from monsters inc named after
How many continents did Paul Vi visit as pope?
when was the first full electric car made
how many countries i can visit with us passport
Who wins Vermont?
What locations saw an increase in populations?
When was the last time there was this much rainfall?
What is the movie called?
What occurred during the event?
What is the number of Americans who care for chronically ill, disabled and elderly family members?
Magna Graecia is Latin for what term?
What does the freed journalist say?
What term can characterize the status of bodies like the War Claims Commission and the Interstate Commerce Commission?
What are steamed dumplings called?
How many miles of public beach are located in New York City?
who played spider man in spider man 3
who sang i 've got the key i 've got the secret
How many people are on the short-list for the brazil job?
where are most of the milky ways globular clusters found
What says Police about Amy Bishop?
What name did de Peyster give the Tuvalu islands?
 Rather than tie up the high-bandwidth USB bus sending data to a slower USB device, what happens?
In what year did the Erie Canal finish building?
Whats the name of the HLN anchor?
What is another name for Ottoman Armenia?
in which issue did Oz tell Winfrey"I think I'm a better doctor than I am a husband,"?
go rest high on that mountain who wrote it
when does the federal budget year begin and end
What does Zapata call for?
Where was the mosque located that Imam gave thanks to?
who did say the growers sell medical pot to healthy people?
In which season was Shania Twain a guest judge on American Idol?
How many people are facing charges?
when was the first written constitution declared in nepal
What singer has a new album out?
who was placed in charge of the philadelphia constitutional meeting in 1787
when Taylor dies at Chicago home of complications from?
The Assistant Editor of The Times in 1941-1946 strongly supported what stance?
How many copies of the book have been sold?
How many of Europe's major languages are official in Switzerland?
Where did Queen perform with Adam Lambert on 3 July 2012?
What type of sacrifice victims were the dark gods offered?
how many times india won cricket world cup u19
the name given to the noble class of russia is
dancer who was a german spy in ww1
What doicese did Montini become cardinal of?
Who did delegation speak with?
where does superior vena cava receive blood from
Who hold the final two contests on Tuesday?
when did the song you should be here come out
when does the final maze runner come out
Which U.S. department investigated the allegations?
In what month is the Queen's birthday?
Who said the Windows 8 interface was clumsy and impractical?
What does the Army say about turbans?
What is happening because of gas shortages?
Who said "the outline of the life must be true: birth, maturity, renunciation, search, awakening and liberation, teaching, death."?
What happens to the conductivity of the electrolyte at low temperatures?
who sings the song and then he kissed me
who plays star in star vs the forces of evil
who is angered by demands?
Where was his criminal history from?
What value do users need to know when encoding their music to help avoid them having to do tests on each piece of music?
What were his charges relating to?
who did bette midler play in the rose
What growth stage of insects bore holes into trees?
What locations did Pitt want from France?
Which Queen members were appearing on American Idol in the late 2000s?
who plays miles in backstage on disney channel
Which village had fallen into decay but the 17th century?
who plays lexi grey in grey 's anatomy
Why was the Duke not a friend of Anglicanism?
How long did Hamilton serve?
Totaling worldwide, how many records as Beyonce sold?
when was the last time the vikings won the nfc championship game
When was the Superfoal born?
When does the army hope to have the decision by
who does mike wallace play for in the nfl
When did it become a requirement for websites to appear on Open Directory for inclusion in the Archive?
the degree to which an experiment measures what is supposed to measure is referred to as
What was the purpose of the IBM DBMS?
when is opening day for the nba 2017
the walls of the alveoli are mostly made of
who is the head of state of north korea
Who authored the Summa Theologica?
how did elk grove ca get its name
Local pub nicknames were often related to what profession?
Where is the medieval St. Bartholomew Chapel located?
who is scarlett o'hara 's second husband in gone with the wind
Who is the singer?
Which agency cancelled the tsunami advisory?
what is the good news of the bible
whats the fray how to save a life about
What was Masjid Bilal previously known as?
where is the gathering of the juggalos being held this year
How long after the siege did the resuce occur?
What will Bai Yun care for?
What did McDonald's launch in 2008?
What do societies with standardized work schedules have more time for because of the increase in afternoon daylight from DST?
the earth 's magnetic field is the product of
How many are estimated people live in Burma officially?
what kind of charges was Vick encounter?
Where did synods prohibit all hunting at?
Do those who from Greek descent desire an education from other parts of the world ?
who was intermediary for bombing suspect?
The Raj Ghat was designed by what architect?
when did dumping gatorade on a coach start
What language shows the same level of development as Younger Avestan?
where is the show lost in space filmed
messiah opens with an instrumental number in the form of a ( n )
who was picked number 1 in the nba draft
What is the purpose of the CNN series?
What demonstrated equipment controlled by computers not connected to the internet can also be vulnerable?
when should the developer test cases be written
In what year did Barcelona win its first trophy? 
what did Manny do
What journalist gave "808s and Hearbreak" critical acclimation 4 years after its release?
when was the dome of florence cathedral built
when was the last time the celtics made it to the finals
where is the most wine produced in the us
Where did Enlightenment gain momentum?
Under what jurisdiction can capital offenses still be committed in Puerto Rico?
What river is New York City located on?
who is the actor that plays paul on days of our lives
What can be considered a Volume of Sacred Law?
where are s-type asteroids typically found in the solar system ​
temperature of the surface of the sun in kelvin
who is this sergeant
What is the names of the people who plead not guilty?
who played bass on and justice for all
where does hair for hair transplants come from
how many books are in the sherlock holmes series
What can you use with a blog?
Which country did President Obama urge to open Gaza border crossings?
who sings the song where do we go from here
which type of climate is characteristic of antarctica
what does the word gnosis mean in greek
What cause "severe emotional distress"?
Who declared bankraptcy?
What has happened to English football following the Hillsborough tragedy?
next in line for chief justice of india
How much was the financial cost of the damages of the 2007 natural disaster in Burma ?
What do hot dry winds blowing inland to the coast create?
What month did American Idol begin airing its eighth season?
when the ship sank?
who appoints the lieutenant governors of union territory
What term was used for behind the scenes governance?
What was the ruler at the time of neoclassical introduction?
who plays the hormone monster in big mouth
What is Vernissage?
Fiorina is the adviser to who?
what is the meaning of region in english
What is the Mexico government doing to help?
who did the patriots play in the super bowl 2004
Where is Elizabeth Taylor's extensive jewelry collection on display?
Who is another leading Islamic figure in medicine?
where does the posh english accent come from
when does the new bob 's burgers come out
when did in god we trust appear on us currency
who did the democratic republic of congo gain independence from
Which Everton manager won the most domestic and international trophies during his time?
For how many days was Gaddafi's corpse displayed in public?
sydney is on the bank of which river
When was he arrested?
Who wrote that Moses had lost the Moses in himself along the way to his encounter with God?
where Pakistani military intensifies drive against Taliban?
how many quorums of the seventy are there in the lds church
how did the publication of uncle tom 's cabin contribute to the civil war
when do you get a high school class ring
Where was this action taking place?
who wrote i must go down to the sea
Who assists the Superintendent of Police?
what is the most costliest hurricane in us history
Who is Clinton?
who 's the head of the executive branch of the government
Two of the national parks in Hyderabad are Mrugavani National Park, Mahavir Harina Vanasthali National Park, what is the third?
What hardware element did T3 feel might have issues with durability? 
what did ntsb say
When was the search suspended?
What related fields do linguistic anthropologists draw on?
where is the next summer olympics held at
What type of clinics is the congressman urging the government to set up?
Many minor infectious diseases are diagnosed by what type of presentation?
what airport does porter fly to in toronto
Who are Magna hoping to bring into the deal?
where is jena?
Where was the flight coming from?
what is the name of the flying fish
What was their means of transportation?
Past projects ordered by the MoD have taken what type of time frame to fulfill?
When did Gorbachev make his final Kremlin exit?
Who says that hate crimes against certain groups are on the rise?
When did the FBI crime lab begin?
WHAT HAS CREATED A TRADE FROM POORER COUNTRIES?
What did Somali parliament speaker asks Djibouti, Ethiopia, Kenya, Yemen to do ?
Who did Gaddafi accuse the Libyan rebels of being linked to?
who is pellegrini
What number of people died in the nightclub fire?
How many of Jackson's albums all sold more than 100,000 copies last week?
when did galway win all ireland hurling final
what movie came after flowers in the attic
Who bitterly resented Alexander's pragmatic approach of selecting his military?
how many copies is gold in south africa
when was the first roller skating rink opened
Which two cultures does the family blend in their lives?
when did the earth and solar system form
Distinctive Vinaya and ethics are contained within what sutra?
where was the liberty bell hidden during the revolutionary war
Where did authorities uncover a radical Islamic terror plot against the U.S. embassy?
where is wall street
What two genres of music are popular on urban AC?
who sang i do n 't wan na miss a thing first
Who records his first loss at the French Open?
What items did police find from the men?
What journalist alleged that the Barcelona team was threatened to make certain of Real Madrid's win?
where in greece was this major shrine to demeter
What two hard rock songs are featured on Deep Purple's Machine Head album?
How long did he spend in exile?
When was the Royal Dutch Petroleum Company founded?
when does the school year start in taiwan
who holds the record for most free throws made in a row
Who warned east Africa of mudslides?
What was her age?
who was accused?
number of episode in kuzey guney season 2
where did the white sox play in 1919
What is the message of their songs?
What company provided Chopin with a piano while in London?
What allegations were laid against the government of Turks and Caicos?
What does the GOB want to add?
What is a strong ale called when it is frozen partially, and then the ice is removed again and again?
What other parts of East Prussia were transferred after the annexation of Zichenau?
Frontiersmen from the Carolinas moved west into what area that is now known as Tennessee?
where was Atlanta-based rapper got  killed?
name four instruments that belong to the brass family
What films did France dismiss?
Who was hot twice in the face?
In what year did the Battle of Beneventum take place?
what Diehl was with the warship USS?
Where did the Celts who settled in Galatia pass through?
In what region of Hyderabad city is Jubilee Hills located?
What does the Army think the result will be?
When did BBC Vision change back to BBC Television?
who sang there no one quite like grandma
Where did Sarkozy travel on Tuesday?
Describe Gaddafi's humble upbringing.
who won the hundred metre final race in the world athletics championship
what country is the cayman islands part of
How many Methodist houses of worship exist in Plymouth?
How much did Schwarzenegger pay for the first apartment building he bought?
when did blue ai n 't your color come out
Where are the crucifixes banned from?
What has the study revealed?
Where was the avalance?
when did the utah jazz come to utah
Who did the first concert of Chopin and Liszt benefit?
Where is the Guilford Courthouse National Military Park?
Who coordinates the deployment of thee Aeromedical Evacuation? 
who lost in the election
Which season five contestant caused controversy with their performance of I Walk the Line?
How many people saw the first step onto the Moon?
who plays mark and luke on the following
Who was visited by an angel in Sura 19 of the Qur'an?
What are DES daughters at higher risk for?
what year did the Mughal emperor completely wave customs duities?
What type of anthology deals with patterns of shared knowledge?
What is Bjork's new album called?
who is the owner of csk team in ipl 2018
What bridge has he been trying to gap?
In what years did the Greeks conduct extra censuses?
Who did Brancato play?
What do the Monroeville townspeople call tourists to their town?
when did the trial start?
What organization identified Saint Helena as important for bird conservation?
What does 基督徒 (pinyin: jīdū tú) mean?
Who was the Lady Sacred Mountain?
Rabbi Berechiah's view is based on what?
What did the Saudi minister claim?
What will you always lose?
how many units of alcohol in a 12 oz beer
When will Captain Francesco Schettino appear before a judge?
What did the ruling party fail in?
What was Pelayos' plan?
What was included as a Gamestop preorder item?
who wrote the song it so hard to say goodbye to yesterday
What does the scotsman deny?
Who was India playing?
how many pages are in the infinite sea
where is the original starry night painting located
What did Nicole say helped her through rehab?
Which group was formed when ministries seceded from The Church of Scotland in 1733?
What was a capacitor originally known as?
How many workers walked off the job at govt.-controlled companies Wednesday?
North Carolina was the twelth state to ratify what document?
What radio stations can they be heard on? 
What was the original name of IBM?
What is the name of the contest?
What is the study of animal communication called?
where is arequipa
Who says couples should go for a bike ride?
Who is responsible for the organization and development of Montevideo's transport infrastructure?
What is the name of the subject?
what age can my daughter join girl scouts
Who is the attorney general?
who are the speakers of in flanders fields
What term is used to decribe predators that prey on their own competition?
who is the actress that plays amy on big bang theory
What did UNHCR say?
What region was seized 
when did mount vesuvius erupt and destroy pompeii
where is the exposition located in a story
How many TBD Devastator torpedo bombers were lauched from the Hornet?
who made the delorean from back to the future
It was thought that how many Chinese supporters would attend the torch relay?
the number of females per 1000 males in urban areas according to census 2011
What chant broke out after the silence?
Who issued the Plan de Guadalupe?
Who did Stalin have murdered in 1937?
who wrote the song grandpa by the judds
Where were the suspects arrested?
the removal of introns and joining of exons in eukaryotic rna
What does the defense say about Garrido?
Where did the attack happen?
What fictional character are more autistic kids fascinated by?
who plays bart millard in the movie i can only imagine
Which Pope did Kirill meet with?
when is the raiders first game in las vegas
where did they film all the pretty horses
what is harmful?
When did humans begin domesticating cattle?
when was the city of san francisco founded
when will the show air?
Where was the firehouse?
what is the islamic population in the world
Who is an example of a major anti-piracy organization?
What does Butterball say will happen to any employee who violates its "zero tolerance" animal abuse policy?
Where did the 2013 Open World Taekwondo Challenge Cup take place?
who plays lenny 's wife in grown ups
How many children were protected from death 
What kind of dwellings can be viewed at Bandelier?
Who grew up in Syria?
A Theravada and Mahayana belief is that the next Buddha will be one named what?
Who did Nicholson say was a harsh disciplinarian?
what is the elevation of lake city colorado
In 2014, other religions mad eup what percentage of the citys population?
Where did Eric Scott Raymond fly using a solar powered plane in 1990?
Who shared what Hispanic readers are saying?
What amount of conventional pesticide use does the agricultural sector account for?
What wall did King Herod start?
What Greek word is -logy derived from?
Who was planning an invasion of the Soviet Union?
Which state reported its first death linked to the virus
How long was this woman held prisoner for?
What does this allow riders to do at the top?
What military base is located near the airport?
How did Gaddafi believe the Israel-Palestine conflict should be resolved?
When can you become an Autodidact?
what is the meaning of naomi in hebrew
What kind of colors is Robert Cavalli knownfor using in his designs?
where do most of the worlds oranges come from
when did presidents start swearing on the bible
Athanasius was also known as what?
what groups are involved
What represents statistical redundancy?
How long is the mission to examine the sun's magnetic field and violent solar events?
What medicinal properties can honey have?
where is the women 's college softball world series played
who was the lead singer of la guns
whats the name of the new thats so raven
Who will partner Pastor Maldonado when Forumula One season begins?
Who gains 116 out of a possible 123 first place votes?
Who made an agreement to keep it a secret?
There are no IPA symbols for what?
What was the soul according to Avicenna?
who sang the song never on a sunday
Was there anything good that could be found from the divergence into exchange ?
What post will Abdullah Badawi step down from?
what type of car is bumblebee in transformers 5
What is an example of a stringed chordal instrument during the Baroque period?
In what year did the Royal Charter give the University of Southampton its name?
operation overlord was the name given to secret planning for
where does lost in the barrens take place
Who refuses to believe anything except that she is alive?
what was the effect of the decision in escobedo v. illinois
blood is pumped from which part of the heart to the lungs
How many MP3s were offered for free by the website?
what poison does claudius use on hamlet 's father
What were Wenger's previous confrontations about?
What has become important to ensure dogs do not do things that humans don't want them to do, such as jumping?
where was the movie free state of jones filmed
When will the two Britons be deported?
when 's the last time redskins won a superbowl
What was William Miller an expert on?
who is the governor of bihar in hindi
when was season one of stranger things released
what do dc stand for in washington dc
To which Secretary did Carothers write?
Is Manny Pacquiao will make any money from beating Ricky Hatton in Las Vegas?
Where was the shooting?
the Basilica di San Frediano in Lucca has a large golden mosaic facade depicting which figure?
where did the battle of trafalgar actually take place
who sings with taylor swift on everything has changed
How many states are expected to have water shortages?
How many of Northwestern's 19 varsity programs had NCAA or bowl postseason appearances?
who beat lazio 2-0?
What territories were annexed by Austria-Hungary in 1908?
how many years in a row have the warriors and cavs been in the finals
what is awaiting sentencing on unrelated charges?
who developed a steam engine that could drive machinery
all the money borrowed by the federal government over the years and still outstanding is known as
If a West Fleming speaker were being extra careful to avoid the silent "h," they might over-correct into what sound?
What does Sony movie execs want?
How many heads did the scarlet beast which a woman sat on have?
when did the first rainbow vacuum come out
when do you get an indirect free kick in soccer
when was the resting place of the titanic discovered
What other denominations are there in Raleigh?
who gets to the shop first pawn stars
who is one of strongest Islamic militias
where should you post pics?
What do floor indicaters often consist of?
who is the actor who plays penguin in gotham
when did mutiny on the bounty take place
what is the tea bag made out of
when did abby cadabby first appear on sesame street
Who will curate the pyrotechnics for the opening ceremony
when is easter going to be on april 24
What region has an interim government?
Where is the rescue?
medical college of georgia at augusta university ranking
How much in savings is a small amount?
what is the girl sloths name in zootopia
In what writing did Burke comment about the importance of La Vendee?
who played q on star trek next generation
Who made the device?
what is the sequel to the lion the witch and the wardrobe
How many awards was Beyonce nominated for at the 52nd Grammy Awards?
The neurotansmitter binds to what of a target cell?
Who wanted to see Victoria and Albert marry?
who sings she 's just a small town girl
What did the court reject in 1994?
What are women excluded from?
How many others did Jeffrey Adams claim to help escape?
What is happening in Pakistan?
where does rosencrantz and guildenstern are dead take place
who can participate in miss world from india
Who did Jakes congradulate?
What percentage of the RSFSR was made up of plains?
What network is he linked to?
In what year did Drake battle the Spanish Armada?
what was the number one song on december 9 2002
From what state did the proposed council come from?
who sings lead on steely dan dirty work
What is the dermis mainly consist of?
What were the artisan guilds called?
What do scientists believe?
name of monkey from night at the museum
when did the khmer rouge start and end
what could replace facebook as most popular internet phenomenon?
What was the building originally named?
What entity did Bronck get his land from?
who played robin hood on the tv series
The primary obstacle to the eradication of cyber crime is the excessive reliance on what?
Who group weakened U.S. identity?
when was mission san francisco de asis built
who played patrick on new adventures of old christine
How often has Montana voted for a Democratic governor?
 How many muskets did the French capture in the fall of Vienna?
When was the Arrow War?
what happened to the baby?
What things were examined?
how many floors is the tallest building in america
what says sharon bialek
what is the name of game of thrones theme song
what is considered a high net worth individual
How long before stochastic computing could be implemented?
what did French forces?
when was imperial bank was changed as sbi
As what are Classical and Vedic Sanskrit often viewed?
What age are the Egyptian twin boys?
Who was extremely reckless?
who plays the black widow in the avengers
What is the most common of the special matches?
What has the club struggled with?
Were all the homes damaged in Cabbagetown?
who does john stockton 's son play for
what does dairy farmer say
where was it centred?
who is the grammy winner?
Where is Sarkozy to travel to Tuesday night?
in which country the earthquake
who wrote the book james and the giant peach
When were the timber export sanctions lifted for Liberia?
Who could be brought into power?
What nation was visited for the first time by Victoria in 1849?
How concerned was France with Greek architecture?
how many laps in abu dhabi grand prix
What were Fantasia Barrino, LaToya London and Jennifer Hudson called?
where can I get folic acid?
How many sites are throughout Raleigh?
Where were the "black" areas?
What has he been actively involve in?
What did the dog help the soldier cope with?
What modern city of today was Rey in the vicinity of?
To what percentage could growth improve in 2010?
where is taronga 's western plains zoo located
Which famous U.S president was a Autodidact?
What show was she on?
who played marco dane on one life to live
What is the public official's share called when involved in corrupt bidding?
who made the slogan no taxation without representation
The Qing dynasty formed after what event?
What was the name of the ship responsible for undertaking the largest rescue operation by a single ship?
Who founded the Hudson River Sloop Clearwater and the Clearwater Festival to bring attention to the pollution caused by GE?
Where in Galicia has the oldest evidence of humans been found?
Who has popularized the fist bump?
If recommit fails, then what choice needs to be made by minority representatives?
Where are the two women from?
What type of birds specialise in hunting mammals or other birds?
when do two atoms represent the same element
Who argued over changes in the drill plan?
What internet commerce company did Comcast invest in?
How many buildings were damaged by the 1886 earthquake in Charleston?
What did the President vow he would never betray?
What is eBay and Craigslist doing?
When did Queen release The Miracle?
What was the name of the pluricontinental state formed by Portugal and Brazil in 1815?
What says Steny Hoyer?
rick and morty episode where rick freezes time
How many institutes of technology in the Netherlands have converted into full-fledged universities in the past few decades?
What doctrine was overturned by Mabo v Queensland establishing the concept of native title?
Who is Jazmine Sullivan?
What types of crops does Portugal produce?
what year did panic at the disco split
Which Federal Records Center houses materials relevant to JFKs assassination? 
who is known as the human computer of india
What is one dimension that communication is typically described along?
who is playing the first day of the world cup
What does Santana want to legalize
what treatment is available there?
To which group did the people of the Catholic faith refer to themselves primarily?
What was too close behind the Boeing 767?
where is the ross sea located on a map
about how long ago did the climate become favorable?
where was the movie dukes of hazzard filmed
what is the main airport in london england
where clinton and obama hold a unity rally in?
where is icc world cup 2019 is going to be held
who killed zach on days of our lives
What service commented on the river?
When did the Cubs announce a move of their top class A affiliate from Daytona to Myrtle Beach?
Where was the Taliban leader killed?
who sang once i was seven years old
Who honored Maria Ruiz?
What refers to the number of samples that must be analysed before a block of audio is processed?
What activity in relation to breakthrough pain requires heavy use of opiods?
What occupation is stereotypical held by soft adult contemporary listeners?
Who influenced the appointment of George of Cappadocia?
Shaniya Davis, who was
where was things i know to be true set
Which military academy did Root help grow?
who has won the most seasons of survivor
Which party was criticized for being less concerned about liberty and democracy?
Company that says the refineries meet EPA standards?
What is required to exist in classical statistics mechanics?
what are the name of the four ninja turtles
who sings the song the devil went down to georgia
of 600 large cities in china about how many are experiencing a water shortage
when did ipswich town win the uefa cup
What did they use to attack?
Modern-day sovereigns often acts on the advice of whom?
What year did Chopin become a citizen of France?
who played frankie on days of our lives
what is the record for most strikeouts in a season by a hitter
who played sherlock holmes brother in game of shadows
What form of government is responsible for the municipality of New Delhi?
Who are getting hit?
Where is the art sale located?
what book is the story of jonah in
Whose death was not a direct casualty of the war?
What did campaigners complain about?
Who has worked for LOT Polish Airlines for 20 years?
who began the common core effort in 2009
When will Liberty's crown re-open?
In what industry has videoconferencing become useful?
How many people currently have membership to the BHS?
In what plant were cells first discovered by microscope?
What newspaper did Radio Saint Helena collaborate with?
who danced the lead role in appalachian spring
who plays the little boy in the santa clause
which term refers to an assumed rapid expansion of the universe immediately after the big bang
Why is fluid in a manual pump pushed into the pumps cavity when a small sealed cavity is expanded?
Which impressionist movements were also influenced by Cubism?
Other than France, what country was Napoleon crowned king of?
Which Mughal viceroy created a dynasty in early 18th century Hyderabad?
who is the director of the defense intelligence agency
which city is known as pearl harbour of india
the name for a standard subject in christian art
who played the father on fresh prince of bel-air
How is the wind industry in the USA able to produce more power at lower cost?
what does Graham aim for?
who owns the waldorf astoria in beverly hills
Who is being treated for burns and scars?
What is Terra Jole's occupation?
when did justin bieber release his first album
Along with classic hits, what type of music do hot adult contemporary stations feature?
who plays roos mum in home snd away
What did the Russians try to attack during the month of August?
What is one who replaces a player during a game called?
Gurian created what in 1939 at Notre Dame?
How many days did the plane travel with the Torch team?
What do Bulgarian linguists regard the Macedonian language as?
who plays the easter bunny in santa clause 3
what opens wednesday
When did the Chinese attack Burma?
It is believed that a very warm earth would lead to more recycling of what?
How many high-ranking security officials were detained?
What country's currency plunged in value?
Who  intercepted the plane?
What percentage of shark attack victims were surfers?
who is the girl in the walking after you video
when was the permanet settlement introduced in india
who takes the ball down the court in basketball
who played the devil in storm of the century
What do feminist anthropologists claim their research helps to correct?
who was the president of the united states in 1900
when did do n 't smile at me come out
why did 11 texas senators go to albuquerque new mexico on july 28 2003
who holds the record for most tackles in a career
Art and music were some of these forms of  cultural related to what type of living?
As one of the oldest school which was founded in 1660, what is it's name?
when did metallica 's black album come out
Whose wife was killed?
does medications improve health?
What did the RAF officer say?
What age is Packer?
What does McCain think of the tariffs?
who is a strong supporter of stem-cell research?
what album is the day that never comes on
when did the first smart phone come out
Who denied the shutdown was motivated by politics?
when was the two dollar bill first printed
who were the main groups making up the european social order in the 18th century
What is the only mainstream computer platform to successfully transition to a new CPU architecture?
how many stores does walmart have in usa
What is a brushless wound-rotor?
What were the charges brought against Purvis reduced to?
What improvement is possible with surface-mounting that enables higher production and lower labor costs?
who plays the voice of megara in hercules
What was the reason behind his arrest?
Who was Nassir's vice president?
What Hall of Fame is located in Raleigh?
the triple alliance and triple entente were formed through the signing of
when did the cartoon tom and jerry first come out
What resulted from the loss of the area the glaciers over the Alps?
where is the tabernacle mentioned in the bible
What year was the city renamed Boston?
how many soldiers were killed by taliban
What electronic charge do cellular molecules have?
Who is facing murder charges?
What can threaten endemic species with extinction?
During what war did Modiano base most of his work off of?
where did the last name swanson come from
What was the name of the private agreement between Caesar, Pompey, and Crassus?
name two laws that were passed as part of the great society
Craig Gillespie is wise to turn who loose?
How strong is the rule of law in most Asian countries?
What was staged on the beach to represent missing people?
what is the meaning of verb in english
What was Bogandas platform that he ran for?
What law banned books favoring Freemasonry?
what is the name of the princess in frozen
what is the name of the director general of ghana prisons service
When did the two get married?
what is the meaning of r and d
when did the young bucks join bullet club
Who is criticising the report?
Nintendo agreed with Atari to release the Famicom under what name?
Where is the volcano located?
what options  include Obama piercings, airbrush tattoos?
What did 'saburahi' mean?
How often do kids get diarrhea in developing countries?
legal basis of state of the nation address
Beckham is the star of what?
who played the kid in charlie and the chocolate factory
When did the tragedy occur?
How many cases were confirmed in Kansas?
Who were the two National Assembly vice-presidents in Egypt?
who served as head of the us sanitary commission
What show was he preparing for?
What did this mean in the 2000 election 
who wrote the gospel song i saw the light
What does Garib Nagar mean?
where do the democrats face tough odds
When will the show return?
What identity status paradigm emerged due to the work of James Marcia?
when does taylor swift 's album come out 2017
who is Warren Jeffs?
What year did the end of Imperial China occur?
What do athletic folks tend to use their trunk for?
diary of a wimpy kid the long haul antagonist
How many soldiers were lost by the Japanese in Burma during WWII ?
Who will be leaving the Spanish giants?
Who compared annelid genes in 2007?
What radiating style are some Armenian churches built with?
In the fall of 2014, which school did 21.3% of undergraduates enroll in?
What happened in Shiraz?
5 . what was the main concern with the first draft of the articles of confederation
who did france choose to be the emperor of mexico
when did the us pullout of the philippines
How long is a full-time mission for females?
which city council is working on a regular?
what did she witness?
who has been on law and order svu the longest
what are in the images?
what were the names of the atomic bombs
what do you call animals live in water
Where did Operation Khanjar take place?
What is it called when a visible mound forms on the surface of a plate?
when does season nine of the walking dead begin
How many copies did Reflections on the Revolution in France sell in 2 months?
who wrote the music for how the grinch stole christmas
who sang im in love with a german film star
What district is the telescope set up in?
What requires new legislation?
When did the band The Darkness break up?
when did japan open up to the west
What type of atmosphere can LED lighting be used?
who was the first woman to be nominated for president
Who was forced to retreat back to the Pusan Peninsula due to unpreparedness?
When did Becker lead the police on a chase?
What is the name of the smaller airport near Mexico City?
philippine national artist in film and broadcast arts
What did the field engineer disable?
who has most hat tricks in la liga
Who was the son of Philip of Macedon?
Who defeated Japan during the World War II?
During the electrical-excitation scheme, what moves into the quantum dot layer?
which amendment extends most of the provisions of the bill of rights
How many Asians immigrated to Paris in 2012?
Who's  license to practice is reinstated
How much money has the traditional Northwestern Dance Marathon raised for children's charities?
What did the sites include?
who has been appointed chief justice of india
When was the Treaty of Alliance with France signed? 
The I and the Me are two areas of interest in what?
What do the sisters become?
How long was Miesko I of Poland reigning?
who holds the record for the sexiest man alive
whose regime does Ayman al-Zawahiri  say he isn't defending
in which year zimbabwe attained independence from the white minority
when did cant take my eyes off of you come out
who played harry bailey in it 's a wonderful life
who did the patriots play last year for super bowl
when did the echo dot 2 come out
who has the power to accept or reject a president 's nominations to the supreme court
What could not using your credit card do?
Who was the last person to direct two James Bond movies in a row before Mendes?
When did Pietro Gasparri summon him to the Vatican?
When it comes to plans and outcomes, what do development anthropologists look at between them?
How many people were killed in the Hanshin earthquake?
What number of Jews are left in Kolkata, India?
What city was Chirac mayor of?
What president warned foreign forces to stay out?
how many universities do we have in kenya
Which bird recognises music?
When did a 777 set a new world record for distance traveled non-stop?
There was an ocean between Gondwana and Asia in the Permian, what was it?
What symbol was used in hostage resuce?
who has recently opened door to disillusioned Anglicans wanting to join Catholic Church?
Shorter wavelength diodes provide wavelengths as low as what?
shift from one key to another within a composition
Who was Tito's best known wife?
What script is used informally?
When did King Philip the II annex Thessaly and Magnesia?
what is the name of the church of england
who plays schneider on one day at a time netflix
How were the semi-finalists split up to perform in season one?
What was held this month?
when do human trials start
When did Orlam clans settle in Namibia?
who is the voice for beef what 's for dinner
who sang i ca n 't stand the rain original
Where was the Barbary Coast?
Major cities like Jakarta and Johannesburg rank below New Delhi in what key statistic?
What year did Goldman's wife bring him to Brazil?
what tsar was overthrown in the russian revolution
What other terms might be used to refer to a treaty?
How many attendants accompanied the flame during it's travels?
What terrorist did Sudan expel?
For best fidelity to the source, the transmitted field ratio, lines, and frame rate should match what? 
who plays the elf lord in the hobbit
What did he do after retirement
where did dwyane wade play high school basketball
who won rupaul 's drag race all stars 3
What is excessive drug regulation said to suppress?
What era brought counties to South Carolina?
who was the president of indian national congress when india became free
What Canadian courts also are not specifically the highest courts in that country?
What treaty resulted in the recognition of the RSFSR by Latvia and other states?
Who is the richest Middle Eastern man?
Where did the suicide bomber strike?
Which types of lamps use screw terminals for connection to wires?
How many dogs were rescued?
name of basset hound in smokey and the bandit
who played joe jackson in the jackson 5 movie
ranking member of the house committee on science space and technology
Who is directing the movie?
How do we deny things of God?
what was the name of the titanics sister ship
What was the unofficial nickname of the Northwestern athletic teams prior to 1924?
What type of products were they?
who wrote the novel the grapes of wrath
what denomination is elevation church in charlotte nc
when does the story of king arthur take place
what does a uk passport entitle you to
who held a live performance on the roof top of three savil road of mayfair in 1969
What football star backed out due to relay controversy?
What turned them to prostitution?
Who did the Madagascar military hand power to?
how many seasons are there in bobs burgers
what is the length of the chesapeake bay bridge tunnel
Who is Eric Heiden?
Which community is the longest continuous Chinese settlement in the Western World?
who was the leader the book suggested?
Who is leading the race?
who sings the song with the lyrics you make me so very happy
Kilometers per hour the boat will pass?
When did Robert Louis Stevenson sail on the ship Janet Nicoll?
What did Hoekstra say?
where was the first boy scout world jamboree held
What did Ozawa struggle with in his career?
States that the governors are from?
The solar water heaters introduced in the US in the 1890s saw growth until what time period?
what is surrey with the fringe on top
Which philosopher believed that the Enlightenment was ultimately born out of Protestant reaction against the Catholic counter-reformation?
For Sunni Islam, what does the word Imam commonly mean?
Which scientist experimented with blasting alpha particles at the nuclei of gold?
who voices ellie in the last of us
What does Sandler play?
Which team has bounced back to form?
How many known objects is in the most populated resonance of the Kuiper belt?
where did the battle of coral sea occur
Well-off continental dwellings consisted of?
what album is bonnie and clyde on jay z
who has scored the most goals in world cup soccer history
Which adaptation helps both predators and prey?
what did the expert say about biofuels?
what is the principle of use and disuse
 The EPA or other groups who govern pesticide use may inspect what?
What type of  melodic, rhythmic, and harmonic changes have been made by composers but are based on the works that are monophonic and  unaccompanied sacred song?
What does Darwin do to show that his theory can support many theories that could not be explained by individual creation of species?
What did Former English captain unveiled?
where did red imported fire ants come from
How many years old is Smith?
Which ministry wants to end this type of voting of EU nationals?
To which college did Sylvester Primer belong?
How many people were without electricity?
Who disproved Sherrel's hypothesis?
What can you see from the Rose Garden?
who orders Balfour moved to county jail?
Which kings tried to get power back to the monarchy?
What may be represented as a series of still image frames?
In what city did Altovise Davis die?
who fly to japan
How many limited companies went into liquidation during the 1890s depression in Melbourne?
What year did Russia decide to never turn its clocks back?
How many scholars outside of linguistics agree with the Royal Academy?
who starred in the movie the great escape
when did the woody woodpecker movie come out
What other ethnicities, besides German were part of The Empire?
What section of Central North Carolina has the most dense population?
What did the explosion hit?
was payton open to fans?
Who killed the Lebanese singer?
what year did 45 rpm records come out
where is the only place in the moss plant where gas exchange stomata can be found
What did the Aristotelians call emotions?
what is the hubble classification of the milky way galaxy
Why was John motivated?
Where is the funeral being held
what is the esp button in my car
How does the audience being acknowledged by the wrestlers impact the show?
What is the name of the French rugby team?
What was the title of the first book Madonna penned?
What did Toshiba say?
What does the victory prove?
Which battle took place in 1147?
when did the swine flu vaccine come out
What is the show's biggest draw?
what is the memory of an iphone 6s
How many billions of dollars were spend by tourists in Tennessee in 2014?
Were the six shot involved in organized crime?
what was granted last week
What do monetary savings in crops from the use of pesticide amount to?
what 's the name of the rat in ratatouille
who won out of collingwood and st kilda
When did the Kangxi Emperor occupy Lhasa?
who plays peter parker in amazing spider man
Who was relieved from his duties as Commander in Korea?
what is the little fish that swim with sharks
when ordering a drink what does neat mean
Pakistani military looking into reported death of who?
What is helping devastate West Africa?
What was the Philadelphia's mayor's reaction to the case?
What did the defense minister say?
how to do a drop goal in rugby
What did the activisits rescue?
where is the netflix show the ranch filmed
When was the Nahlin made?
who appoints the chief justice of the supreme court
How many people died in the collision ?
which period is known as the age of the fishes
What is salmonella?
shut up and dance with me woman dancer
What special item is included with certain versions of Twilight Princess HD?
who was the last president to receive a and actual formal declaration of war from congress
What organization said that health care disparities make the world "neither stable nor secure"?
Could smith return to the military?
Who controls aircraft on the runway?
who are the finalists on this year 's america 's got talent
when Terrorists with biological weapons could kill millions?
How did Whitehead define religion?
in the little albert experiment who was the theorist
cities located on the bank of river brahmaputra
who owns the car jfk was shot in
What did the Greeks call Neptune? 
What influenced House music?
how much prarie land does the "Buffalo Commons" want to return?
What is a constant of Washington elite?
Notre Dame got a "B" for its sustainability practices from which entity?
Do the teachers need to ratify the agreement?
Where was the letter A places in position?
Where did this happen?
What did the winner win?
where Tax fraud reports jump between 2002 and 2006?
who is leading major league baseball in home runs
when did the war of 1812 start and end
Where did Britain's army attack in 1961?
what are the causes of market failure in economics
what are the sites named in suit
Which mountains associated with the USA were formed near the equator on  Pangaea during the Devonian?
What must the races do?
When did Chopin return to Warsaw?
what is the highest peak in the eastern us
What did Terry Pratchett write?
Minorities believe what makes them immune to skin cancer?
Where did this happen?
Who has yet to be captured?
What sytle did the new style of mandolins supplant?
At the time of these events, what was Robert Gates' title?
what do they ask muslim leaders to do?
Where is Henry VIII's wine cellar?
Where were the Utah men exporting to?
Who is the Venezuelan lightweight boxing champion?
What is NASA doing?
What did the U.S. Geological Survey measure the quake at?
Amount of people klled by the cholera outbreak?
In the 1980's, the Supreme Court ruled that infringement does not equal what?
who is the girl in the brenda 's got a baby video
Which generation iPod was required to enjoy the new games available on iTunes 7?
what was the average number of red cards awarded per match during the 2010 world cup
Who is the pioneer for the group?
Who finished third?
who was rejected
who becomes king of erebor when thorin dies
What are the rivals concentrating on
who wins season 1 of hell 's kitchen
what did the sailor do to two female colleagues and himself?
What town was ravaged?
How avid of a writer was the Queen?
Where is the model from?
theakstons old peculier crime novel of the year 2016
Who was the ruler when the new city wall was constructed?
What happened at Karachi rally?
What school was he suspended from?
who first played penny on big bang theory
who has scored most runs in test cricket
What do heavily laden aircraft sometimes require the assistance from?
when did the us constitution come into force
Who died from an aggressive melanoma that spread to his brain?
when was the new york stock exchange created
what did dario franchitti say about the speedway
when did the song fooled around and fell in love come out
What happened there
Who wrote the paper "Whos Gay? Does It Matter?
What did the advancements during the revolution improve for people?
who was fort bragg north carolina named after
How many men raided the Grand casino Basel
What kind of headphones could partially mitigate the bass response issues of the 3rd gen iPods?
When were the deaths likely to have taken place?
What happened to Kerry Thomas?
What did Beckham say about Donovan's comments?
Perseus fought the Romans in what war?
where did the spanish american war of independence take place
Even during the 3rd dynasty, what was happening to the racial makeup of the region?
when is the coelom said to be a true coelom
About how many U.S. soldiers died as of March 2008 due to counterinsurgency?
Around what time did Mass Culture emerge?
How many meters above sea level is the Tan Hill Inn?
Upon arriving at the desinated floor, what does the elevator do?
where does the movie lion get its name
who is the antagonist in it 's a wonderful life
who is the girl in one call away
who does peter griffin voice on family guy
What was vacated?
what did the game record
What does Cristina Ojeda explain she can now do?
who wrote the l and n do n 't stop here anymore
Amount of money the layoffs would save?
how to become a constable in south carolina
what has been credited?
Along with animals, what is depicted on the rock paintings of Laas Geel?
What did the driver recall?
who ends up together in the breakfast club
Where was the "Marble Palace" built in 1846?
Power delivery protocols have been updated to facilitate what?
What are police doing?
Further Chinese investment expected in what?
where is the eastern caribbean central bank located
How many military personnel were dispatched?
Which other presidents were weakened by war?
what organization sets monetary policy for the united states
How many detainees were to be tried?
who is currently the lead singer of chicago
What did the video honor?
Where did the basic geological changes of this period occur?
Which board oversees military areas within Hyderabad?
What is the name of the scholarship is funded by Yale?
australia 's legal system is a common law legal system based on the
How many songs were recorded for the tour?
The Orthodox population of Constantinople preferred Ottoman rule instead of what?
What did the man with the bat do?
What dinosaur spread to every continent?
who plays snowman in smokey and the bandit
How many astronauts died?
name of the scientist in back to the future
In addition to being surprisingly practical, what does it offer?
Who is the culprit?
Who says "it's all about honoring your brothers who are fallen"?
Who secured southern Lebanon?
when does orange is the new black start filming
Who withheld doubts about the war in Iraq?
what was passed in 1985
What religious group was not allowed to settle in South Carolina?
who was suzanne tamim?
Who will not recognize the government?
Who are new charges filled against?
how many people were arrested
What did Kant say time and space allow one to do?
What is the Census definition not based on?
who is the woman who plays flo on progressive
when do the steel tariffs go into effect
From what people have were the first records known to be existent derived from? 
what article about railroads is still enforced and what does it state
What sort of railroad crossing was first built at Richmond?
what is the color of the philadelphia eagles
When did stained glass make a big comeback?
who makes the ammo for the us military
bogota is the capital of which south american country
who is playing mary poppins in the new mary poppins
when was the first dyson vacuum cleaner invented
How many times has Roma faced Milan?
Which European movement were the Revivalist authors similar to?
How many seconds did a streetcar run along Woodward Ave in 1941?
Who is due to appear in court on Tuesday?
Who set off bombs on bus and trains in London?
What type of revolution began as a result of the third point?
At the end of which year did Central Europe tribes invade the Roman Empire?
where did the last name nettles come from
To where did Chinese troops withdraw?
when were the extra books of the catholic bible added
When will no service fees be charged?
who sang windmills of your mind in the original thomas crown affair
In what year was the Medal of the Order of the British Empire established?
when did the senate changed to 60 votes
Who did agree to release him from his contract?
How many banks does London operate overseas?
What was the gross state domestic product of Delhi for 2011-12?
What happened to five Somali men?
What movement led to Iran becoming an Islamic republic in 1979?
what does the story of the tower of babel mean
What is the full name of the organization with the initials "IRNA"?
What age did Jade Goody die?
what is the most 3 pointers made in a ncaa game
What has Ronaldo injured?
how long did he live
When are Afghanistan's elections?
who plays aunt may in the amazing spider man
For what did Forbes rank Seattle the most expensive?
Is residential architecture in Melbourne defined by a single architectural style or an eclectic mix of buildings?
What are some species of whales that can be seen around Norfolk Island today?
In 2010, what percentage of Anglicans were said to be in Africa?
What antenna does not have linear polarization?
A mass grave was found with who in it?
when was the last year they made the toyota matrix
What was Keith Urbans position on American Idol in its fourteenth season? 
When will the evacuees be able to go home?
when was the last time the host country won the world cup
How many victims were found there?
who plays allison on fresh off the boat
when is the new season of young sheldon coming out
how many kids did the woman have
Who will end George Bush style of governing?
who wins season 25 of the ultimate fighter
Is there any surveillance footage?
who stars in the new netflix lost in space
How many members are in a house?
where is the data stored in google drive
when the bank 's charter expired in 1836 it was a key factor in the resulting
property of earth to allow water to pass through it is known as
what rank is a chief in the air force
what was their nationality
How did the events of the Seven Years' War affects the production of art?
What does the ECRI strive to make sure no one becomes?
Where is the Coutt of Cassation located?
what do you win in america 's got talent
What general led the troops that burned Richmond?
how many ballot measure were there
when was the last time the lakers won the nba championship
when do you use master for a boy
Who was the spiritual guide during the Protestant Reformation?
Who won the 1880 general election?
who made up the first estate in the french revolution
record for most points in a nfl game
What continues a month or more beyond usual recovery period?
which colour of kryptonite would permanently remove super powers from superman
who did the voice of andy in toy story
what types of people did the club The Warehouse attract?
According to Hodgson, how long ago did the Ethio-Somalis diverge from other non-African ancestries?
Where is the Ptolemaic Kingdom?
In what years did large numbers of Jews arrive in France?
Where was the plane going?
how many people visit Sagrada Familia by Antoni Gaudí last year
where did the st louis rams go to
What was the original name of the new England patriots?
what did US consider about Iran?
What are the main arenas for Lucha Libre?
who sings if i could turn back time
Which former Polish leaders speak to CNN?
who is the president of international cricket council
What kind of break were the clubs about to take?
In what year was the first boardwalk built in Atlantic City?
Settlers on their way to Angola settled in Namibia instead of going where?
who is only bowler to have taken hattrick in both innings of a test match
What Army history said this?
What was China's population at the end of the 18th century?
last season 's last episode of blue bloods
when does the reboot of charmed come out
where did panchayati raj in india first introduced in 1959
the landscape design of the gardens of versailles is known as which style
When was the sale of Marvel to this entertainment conglomerate announced?
who is newly elected chief minister of himachal pradesh
who discovered the golgi body in a cell
what did fred say
How many inches forecast?
Which Baltic countries have cooperated with Estonia since the early 1990s?
What percent of the student body has H1N1?
on the show friends who is the father of rachel 's baby
When did ZipRealty complete its initial public offering?
What is Kerry's middle name?
When dis Colgan Flight 3407 crash?
How many members did the WVS have at the end of 1941?
What did he go to Saudi Arabia for?
who is Lee Friedlander?
How much land was held by the peasants? 
How often do the TA troops regularly train?
what is the work of executive arm of government
when did humans begin to live in permanent settlements
What did Rice say about Bush's policies?
What is the Manueline style?
Where is Bardufoss Air Station located?
what was the film Kilkuchi oscar nominated
What were the people attacked with?
what are the two parts of the integumentary system
What injury is Nadal dealing with?
What move gives it a central base in Somalia
The common relative of dogs and existing wolves is now considered what?
What did the D.A.'s office charge Brooks with?
what is the wealthiest company in the world
when did the french first come to canada
In terms of intergovernmental universities, what is EUCLID?
Who was the deputy transporting to court?
Who killed a coalition soldier in eastern Afghanistan?
Which person oversaw the creation of a science hall at Notre Dame in 1883?
when did the movie staying alive come out
Who mandated the document?
what is piece by piece kelly clarkson song about
What year did the Football Association form?
On what island did the Missionaries live with citizens of the Marshall Islands?
How much money per month is given in bribes by the cartels?
Who dropped off the list?
where was launched the solar cell phone?
where was the plane headed
who won the tour de france in 1999
What city is the de facto capital of Switserland? 
Who was a meeting organized for in 1929 in Atlantic City?
How many terrorists survived the 1972 Munich attack?
Who spoke openly about sex escapades?
Who will remain in custody?
what does a mutation in p53 lead to
In what state is the city of Newburgh located?
When does Obama aim to close the Guantanamo detention center?
What was the nickname given to Queen Victoria because all of her children married into noble families?
when does the solar eclipse happen in north america
how does macbeth react to the apparition of banquo 's descendants became kings
What did Obama say?
What is central to Chopin's process?
What year was the Platonic Academy founded?
What British series is American Idols format based on?
What was the name of the first legal casino in the eastern United States?
where did bob dylan play in new york
In what year did The Times ceased its policy of using courtesy titles for living persons before full names on first reference?
What kind of prejudice did Spielberg have to deal with in High school?
Who says girls as young as seven are raped?
When did FC Porto win the Champions League?
Who was found huddled in the basement?
who was the mother of dragons married to
when did the last survivor of the crimean war die
who played lucinda walsh on as the world turns
when did canada became a colony of britain
How many awards did Harry Potter And The Deathly Hallows: Part 2 take?
What is a major means of the spread of diarrhea disease?
what caused him to step down
What is Lucy Siegle's job?
tv show about three magical sisters who battle against the forces of evil
What happened in 2002?
If the central banks can come to an agreement with the eurozone member about the continued repayment of the debt, what happens to the bad or weak debt?
what is the point of the confederations cup
What are the permanent sources of positive ecclesiastical law?
Who  has been collecting photos of amusing signs for 17 years ?
What are the leading exports in Israel?
How many CIA officers were killed on December 30?
who wrote trying to reason with hurricane season
who has hit the most number of sixes in all ipl tournaments
What would the Swiss-mediated deal normalize?
who is the father of seetha in ramayanam
where does places in the heart take place
In what city did Horne begin their operations?
what was the outcome of the battle of ticonderoga
What is the state called between lives?
London's Chinatown district is located in what area?
Chopin wrote in 1842 that he had to lie in bed all day because what ached so much?
name the most common type of land tenure in australia
when were the winter olympics last held in the united states
What did the man do to make a citizen's arrest ?
how long does it take for the ogallala aquifer to recharge
How could one achieve the task of creating an antenna that can be Used over various bands?
What highway is closed?
Who is an ex-New Jersey Gov.?
According to one consultant, which group found the book demoralizing?
who played peter in jesus christ superstar 1973
the profitability index of an investment project is the ratio of the
when was the national incident management system established
who was defending the cup
What was the punishment for those found guilty of murder, rape, armed robbery and other charges?
when did the mac book pro come out
who played daisy duke in the dukes of hazzard movie
What was the name of the professor Hayek worked for as a research assistant?
what is the name of the bird with snoopy
What team won the Six Nations rugby title?
Where was Yeltsin during the coup?
Where are Taliban and insurgents killed?
where does red dye in food come from
Why are Dzongkha, Sikkimese, Sherpa, and Ladakhi considered to be separate languages?
Jacskon told the Rabbi what?
Approximately how many total iPods had been sold by late 2009?
what film won the 1967 best picture oscar
Origanum Vulgare has what useful properties?
who scored the most home runs in baseball
Can classification be helpful in determining differences between distinct species?
who did not return cnn calls?
What was the effect of that new group on the European balance of power?
What do supporters rail against
What is the Prime Minister of the UK's official residence?
What was the name of the new regime created when the Cisalpine Republic separated from Switzerland?
who did america buy the louisiana purchase from
who won mvp last year in the nfl
who composed i have decided to follow jesus
Who thought about adopitng a 14-month-old boy?
What kind of a pop song is "Rolling Stone"?
What is the meaning of impermanence in Buddhism?
where do the los angeles chargers play at home
What is the real lesson?
who plays judith from the bank in sing
When was the wreckage pulled from the iver?
What is available throughout Yankee Stadium?
What type of school did the crash occur?
Ho much meat went to school lunches?
Where does the other 25 percent of fresh air go?
Who said, "This type of behavior is not helpful?"
Who was hurt in fall?
Who founded the Yuan dynasty?
what is the name of the speaker of parliament
Why did farmers build a bridge over the Harlem River?
What is the 1973 Endangered Species Act
where does the energy for the light dependent reactions come from
What is the happening to primary care doctors?
how many times has tiger woods won the open
Who went missing 54 years ago?
What city has the most people in Florida 
what is the biggest stadium in the united states
who sings so you had a bad day
when can a neural tube defect be detected
what year did the first episode of the simpsons air
Which company is directly above Universal Studios?
French historians generally use the beginning of which King's reign to date the start of the Enlightenment?
where did same same but different come from
who played wonder woman 's mother on the tv series
How many high tide peaks does Southampton Water get?
who plays daryl 's brother on the walking dead
What is the view of the President and Prime Minister of Turkey on the Iranian elections.
What did he suffer from?
What subfield of anthropology studies mental processes? 
What did Cyril and Mehodius come up with to help with the issue of the Slaves not having a written language?
when was the first computer invented in the world
What is the usually sold standard blend of bitumen and oils named?
who had the most medals in the 2014 olympics
Who was found guilty of insulting religion in Sudan?
The development of what caused people to expand areas of cultivation in the Ottoman Empire?
What did Broca discover in the human brain?
What was once thought to cause homosexuality?
What day did Beyonce release her single, Formation?
What signals plants to synchronize their internal clocks?
what caused the collapse of the roman republic
who sings the intro for phineas and ferb
Who can ride horses?
who describes plans for procession for fallen officers?
What government body advises the president on appointing a Lieutenant Governor?
when are police required to administer the miranda warnings
What type of operation is the Canadian Military involved in?
What video frequency does PAL use?
What new name was given to Revue Productions in 1966?
When is "Zombieland" debuting?
how long is a player on waivers in mlb
A gamate has how many chromosomes relative to a somatic cell?
who is considered to be the first pharaoh of egypt
who plays mantis on guardians of the galaxy
Who hurt their ankle?
What makes up Indigenous education?
What discipline studies the role of emotions in neural mechanisms?
What report was denied by the Lithuanian Foreign Ministry?
what is the si unit of time period
what does it mean for a single to go platinum
During the early seventies where did most Cyprus Greeks decide to go ?
who wrote the pirates of the caribbean theme
Who remembers the Dust Bowl storms
What is one of her dreams?
what were the main reasons for the fall of qin dynasty
Who were an order of religious women who later converted to Dominican?
Where did the population of Detroit shift to in the second half of the 20th century?
What population is the US dropped?
who won the womens under 20 world cup
Who said "There are a lot of things here that are not finished"?
What was on one grave?
Who said fighting does not pose a threat to US security?
who appoints the governor of each state of india
which president introduced the philadelphia plan which provided the framework for affirmative action
what is the population of nashville tennessee 2018
Before Islam was introduced, what was a common building material in Somalia?
Who is to be sworn in?
What is the mans name?
i sleep better in the morning than at night
what does man convicted say
What year did the "discoveries are property" concept appear in French law?
What was Tito's former name?
Who were co-winners of The Narcissist Award?
Who was responsible for banning canon law education from Oxford and Cambridge?
what has the governor declared
who strikes in Colombo
Under the linguistic authority criteria, what is a dialect of German along with Bavarian German?
where is the us open golf tournament played
who made the arms
how many killed
Which CBS correspondant graduated from The Medill School of Journalism?
What may cause you to overpay for an item?
what does the haitian radio station say?
During what season were Arsenal's away colors white shirts and white or black shorts?
who built kashi vishwanath temple varanasi in 16th century
where did she go missing from
What city did NATO bomb on 25 April?
Which two title holders fought for political power in the early 1990s?
where was the epicenter of the earthquake that caused the 2004 tsunami
What record does Steven Spielberg have?
Where did the artist federation hold their annual balls?
who scored the maximum runs in ipl 2010 for mi
is nuclear application in pttburgh company?
What was the nationality of the man who discovered Electroluminescence?
Who did Avicenna view as inspired philosophers?
What did the investigation reveal?
how many episodes are on ozark season 2
What essay did McCain write?
Who did the victim think he was at risk from
What pop singer was an original judge on American Idol?
Who dictated the oral law to Moses?
What was the original title of youtube red?
What replaced the holocene megafauna?
who wrote i know why and so do you
What did the the FBI say?
If a memory that is stored in with long term-memories, how long can you possibly rememeber it?
who plays oliver 's dad on signed sealed and delivered
who received the first nobel prize in physics
What did Roger chose to become?
Who is believed to have fired into a crowd?
What size was the film?
What rumor about Wiig was the internet wrong about?
Who was rejected through home state courtesy?
Who was he identified as?
What will be difficult to determine?
Who gets to attend the cinderalla Ball?
What is the name of the fastest yacht over 500 meters and one nautical mile?
Where is the boy who started the fire?
What did the pageant confirm to reporters?
When did Orsinin attempt to assassinate Napoleon?
What does VBR stand for?
which type of device should you use to create the dmz
who has to approve a supreme court nominee
who sings jesus at the center of it all
who qualified in group h fifa world cup
what is the interior structure of the earth
how many variations of power rangers are there
What country is Gerges referring to in his commentary?
who is lil saint in you got served
when was last time ireland won grand slam
when was the last time a hurricane hit florida
When was the Company of Scotland granted a charter?
who built the breakers mansion in newport rhode island
what is the primary force that generates ridge push
where was the andy griffith show filmed at
when was the last time raiders beat broncos
Who resigned in 1954?
What consumer item's price skyrocketed to 35 million?
How were taxes charged during the Tukugawa period?
who was the host of the dating game
what was the first fiction?
Which act created the Upper Canada provinces?
What is the ancestry of the Chinese population in Guinea-Bissau?
Who  began uprising against Sudanese government?
Who has expressed dissatisfaction with the nickname "The Lord's University" in the past?
america 's got talent judges 2018 guest judge
devil may cry 4 special edition playable characters
What do official say about the Minuteman III nuclear missiles?
What status did the wearing of red in medieval times represent?
what is the main buffer system in human blood
who sang got ta get out of this place
What road is CCI near?
when is the new movie zombies coming out
who was the first civilian governor of lagos state
what 's the name of the goat in ferdinand
What do flu vaccines do?
one day at a time who is schneider
From what passage is cited as being one of the first known examples of using the word heresy?
what are floating
when did star trek the motion picture come out
The USB Power Delivery revision 2.0 specification has been released as part of what?
what is the current struggle?
who was awarded with the first param veer chakra vijeta
What is the number of tourists expected during the Commonwealth Games?
What is Dr. Earl Bradley being charrged with?
What legendary team did the NBA sometimes formerly play against?
Who apologized for his regrettable behaviour?
Mistakes were made during what time?
What is the Latin word for architecture?
When was the most recent superbowl held in NYC for football?
What contemporary of Williams Shakespeare wrote a play entitled The Alchemist?
what flew as long as 300 feet?
Where was the flight from?
who dies in killing of a sacred deer
Who banned travel of Gadhafi's family?
Who scored twice for Leverkusen
who wrote many of the letters to churches in the new testament
how many episodes in season 4 game of thrones
Who led the final Greek resistance?
what is the meaning of rotation of the earth
when did facebook go on the stock market
What amoun of the United States population is compromised of Native Americans?
What song did The Game record?
During what span were the Marshall Islands first settled?
how many hindu religion country in the world
which actor plays ronan in guardians of the galaxy
Some historians counter that Napolean III sought what?
All five boroughs of New York City formed into one city on what date?
what type of bridge is the infinity bridge
when do you use a sheet bend knot
what is the medical term for removing wisdom teeth
Who was killed in a crash?
who wins project runway season 16 episode 7
Obama's visit to what location is being clocked?
What was the complaint for?
when was the last time the red sox were in the world series
where is costa rica located on the globe
What defined the samurais' code?
who has the most points in nba playoffs history
What is the estimated number of slaves that were   transported each year?
Who united the two previously separated principalities?
who donated the golden dome of the jwalamukhi temple of himachal pradesh
where was the workd cup held in 2002
Who was responsible for the adminstration of civil laws?
What large country pressured CAR to hold elections?
who built adhai din ka jhopra at ajmer
Who make the Turks retreat back to Batum?
where did the name six flags come from
Who made preparations with company and locals to transport dogs?
which agricultural products do the faroe islands produce
Who is Midna?
when was the protest?
when did the battle of gallipoli start and end
What Industry was important in the late 18th and 19th century of North Somerset
What did the Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices state that price stability had to be maintained at?
What did the Italian media claim?
What is its largest island?
Who chose not to file claims?
What kind of movie is Zack and Miri Make a Porno?
What campaign denounced the affair as party led inquiry?
the permanent members of the security council of the united nations are
What part of the body did the pope break?
How were the bypassed Japanese strongholds neutralized?
What is the number of people who were displaced by fighting?
the san andreas fault is an example of which kind of tectonic plate boundary
What were striking cabin crew stripped of?
Which empire ruled Nigeria as a colony?
who had the best record in the major league baseball this year
What Sanskrit borrowed word is found in many Asian languages?
What was the name of the album several members of the cubs recorded?
How much did Madonna earn last year?
Where was his first ad?
Many holds will leave what body parts free?
black shield in nigerian coat of arm represent
Nasser led which country in 1961?
who voiced jason todd in under the red hood
Grey matter of the brain is what color?
How many reports have there been?
who does the voice of dora the explorer
About how many stations does New York City's commuter rail network have?
What is the name of the Chilean team that has ties to the Everton FC?
what is the northern most town in scotland
How many books are included in The Aeneid?
Which three Western European countries have a lower Social Progress ranking than Portugal?
What can destroy the test game?
Who kept his own daughter captive for over two decades?
When will the rapper T.I. be taken into custody?
Who did Hillary Clinton warn?
Beyonce gave her entire salary from Cadillac Records to which organization?
How many have been killed since Tuesday?
who is serving life in prison
Prior to moving to the Richmond area, where was Altria's headquarters located?
who does nathan fillion voice in rick and morty
when is there going to be an solar eclipse
Who did the authorities receive information from?
Who also paid tribute to victims?
what is the material of cutting tool used in lathe machine
In what year was Chopin born?
Who aired the first thirteen seasons in Canada?
What documentary follows the life of a Marine?
What is one of the historical certain facts about Jesus?
What organiztion acted as acknowledgement of status of great powers?
Bush policies are blamed for what?
objectives of parent teacher meeting regarding progress of the students
who is the girl in walk the moon shut up and dance with me video
what kind of peppers are used for pepperoncini
What have the Swiss people continually rejected membership in since the 1990's?
What did Mildred Burke form?
who was the king of england in 1919
where did the expression pot calling the kettle black come from
how long do orangutans live with their mothers
What is the largest athletic organisation in the country?
What was the speech about?
who does the voice of disney 's haunted mansion
when was the last time the detroit lions won a division title
who is the song long may you run about
What had the group been doing before the kidnapping?
What was the score in the Group B encounter?
Regarding atoms, what does the Planck constant imply?
The special effects include blue light, music playing and what else?
When did his mother die?
Which body can remove the Supreme Leader at any time by constitutional right?
when was the last time chiefs won a superbowl
who is noted for advocating separation of church and state
Who was Kerry's most influential professor?
where did the Matos kick referee?
What is the second largest Protestant denomination in North Carolina?
What type of weapon is the Polybolos?
where did they make the movie the shining
Who bought an estimated $10,000 of lottery tickets in 10 years?
How many trains were stationary when the crash happened?
Who was the 1st Marquis of Pombal?
What is the reward for?
What are also known as "traditional"?
Where is a good place to look?
who won the men 's ice skating olympics
When did Victoria's coronation take place at Westminster Abbey?
What do party hosts suggest?
What does Rep. Gabrielle Giffords  read?
who sings hey baby will you be my girl
Who fire at a plane?
when does callie come in grey 's anatomy
What about he film is abominable?
analysis of variance ( anova ) is a test for equality of
where did the fire start in santa paula
what is the deepest part of the ocean basin
What traveled from Brazil to Europe?
where is bout from?
When was the final broadcast of Tom and Jerry?
How many officers drove Comeaux to Baytown?
Who shot the 8 year-old?
Several torchbearers said what two things should not be combined?
According to Human Rights Watch, how many prisoners were killed on June 29, 1996?
who took power in england during the glorious revolution brainly
where is the nrl grand final being held
when did farm subsidies begin in the u.s
name the folded mountains of the western cape that enclose the little karoo
who does the voice of shimmer and shine
Which goespel begins its story of Mary with the Annunciation?
Into what language was Almagest translated in the 12th century?
What does the gathering focus on?
who dies in the plane crash grey 's anatomy season 8
when was the sewage system built in london
Who maintains the Unicode Standard? 
how many dolphins are born at a time
Churches filled up with monuments to what?
what are the benefits of dance in our everyday living
Where are they performing?
where does the dad live in the last song
Which city is known for its sand dunes?
How many Friday shows will "The Dark Knight" according to Fandango.com?
Flowers that allow only one type of pollinator is called what?
what is the population of the scilly isles
What percent of Mississippi children ages 10 to 17 are overweight or obese?
What is most vocal music set to in Western tradition?
How is cannabis hidden for transport?
what was the gunmans name
According to the functional interpretation, what principle is opposite of the rule of man?
What kind of crime does Eric Holder say is on the rise?
What did everyone want to do?
Are digimon all mindless monsters?
What year did Pop Idol make its television debut?
Who earned his first call-up to the senior squad?
When does "D.L. Hughley Breaks the News" premiere?
London Southend Airport in Essex offers primarily what type of service?
number of cities in us with population over 1 million
when did the movie magnificent seven come out
On what date did the Eastern Han dynasty begin?
when did the last show of friends air
When did the first Yankee Stadium open?
What was 120 miles west?
when was the first season of breaking bad
how many have volonteered
When did Latimer patent his "Process of Manufacturing Carbons"?
Who are to triple manpower?
Of what is this discharge seen a part of ?
Who scored the music for "Witness"?
Why do incandescent lights have superior color rendering?
who is the presiding officer for the house
what was the first year of the datsun 280z
What have Pakistan successfully tested?
What is the common name for New York's high technology sector?
What state requires a doctor be in the room during surgery?
What event cause shipping activities to be suspended?
What date did May and Taylor of Queen perform Bohemian Rhapsody on X-Factor?
who played billy abbott on young and the restless
What tourist attraction is located in Pigeon Forge, Tennessee?
What price did "Execution" sell for?
What happened to the journalist?
Who said negotiations to resolve diplomatic standoff are underway?
what kind of meat is philly cheese steak made out of
what is ram in a computer used for
What was the funding for?
What college did Yale's medical facility team up with?
What title was Tiger Woods awarded as a result of a vote by his peers?
What were the troops in the British Indian Army?
Who met Mandela?
What year was Montevideo Shopping  built?
Who is backing Somalia's government?
Who headed the Nazis?
Which Queen album had more shared writing credits?
where are the caucasus located on a map
in large intestine vitamin k is formed by the activity of which bacteria
What plan did the president announce?
What class of medication is fentanyl an example of?
who sings remember me in the coco credits
early 20 th century poet who wrote a shropshire lad
Who was the executive vice governor?
The word Vacuum stems from what Latin adjective?
Who is hosting?
What did House pass?
What does Abdul Hakim Muhammad claim?
How much is the deal worth?
pakistani universities in top 500 universities of the world
What features are emphasized in adult contemporary R&B music?
Which bank did he work for?
What is the role of Louis Schacht?
What could, in Rondanini's opinion, architecture "stimulate and influence"?
What happens if the US backs Georgia?
life expectancy in japan for male and female
which south african recently held a high position in the african union
What do these people do?
What is the price tag?
Who is John Brennan?
which morpheme is added to adjectives to turn them into nouns
What was the most widely spoken language in Eritrea in 2006?
how much does lebron average in the playoffs
Who admits French hopes of qualifying are "tiny"?
Who was the organist for Chopin's funeral?
How long is the NU-Q branch of Northwestern scheduled to operate through an agreement in 2016?
what is the average lifespan of a newfoundland
A convert generally follows which practice?
Which class became a new military elite?
where is the textile mill in the movie wanted
safest and most peaceful country in the world
Who closed the schools?
who should be aware of what's happening?
Who was notably influenced by John Norris?
Where are some of the best examples of islamic mosaic work found?
When did David Goldman drop off his wife and son?
What is the age of Whitaker?
What pulls the aircraft to one of the airbridges?
Since when has the number of base pairs of DNA in the human genome been known?
Who was a former astronaut?
Where is the program being held?
Who imposed on the military might on Tibet in the past? 
youtube is completely what in some places?
who played may rose in the movie life
the breakdown of glucose to atp and pyruvic acid is called
What's the Dutch word for "money"?
Why did John divert south?
what is the new legend of zelda game called
How much was the initial principal of the Permanent Fund?
who choreographed the ballet comique de la reine
What will dell introduce?
On the median strip of what road is New Haven planning to create a secondary biotechnology district?
Who will lose his job this week?
How much snow does Raleigh get?
What did he do as teen with Robert De Niro?
How does a dialect stand in relation to the standard language?
What take place during SWS?
what 's the highest speed limit in the usa
What did red white and black become associated with in Germany?
How are states that enter into a treaty bound?
How many troops had the Japanese lost?
What text includes Horner's method?
Where did the US Army's 419th and 601st locate at to defend London?
Which two topics did Bush remain steadfast on, during his campaign?
What directs the actions of organisms in Popper's biological model?
protocols used in transport layer of osi model
who sang the original version of beauty and the beast
when was the movie north by northwest made
last player to play for both everton and liverpool
Who placed the Sakya viceregal regime position of authority?
what is the median income of the united states
What date was the Australian mainland first attacked?
What did the President have to say about the event?
how many ova episodes does attack on titan have
who is cornelius in the book of acts
where did the band steppenwolf get their name
What does NESA Teach?
when was the office of refugee resettlement established
What did clark say?
How many households had someone 65 or older?
What is full of half baked ideas?
where are the clothes made?
Why did Microsoft decrease the required resoultion for tablets?
who plays the white rabbit in alice in wonderland 1951
how many characters are in dragon ball z fighterz
What is the motel accused of?
Who tried to spread their territory into Tibet?
What other teams has McCarthy played for?
What did the files about COINTELPRO reveal?
where is he learning
who devised the first set of rules in basketball
What happened after radioactivity was realized?
What percent of the populace is estimated to be starving?
the case that established the foundation for stop and frisk is
who did the demon voice in the exorcist
what is juicy campus
What kind of companies have had a more important role in drug development?
What do Fick's laws do?
when did they start calling new york the big apple
How does the Personal Video Recorder store content?
How many contestants from this season reached platinum album status?
when was the last war declared by congress
when was the crash
Along with the General People's Congress, what national body represented the People's Committees?
Who is the ABC president?
New York City has how many acres of land dedicated to parks?
the president has the power to make treaties however the treaty must also be approved by
Whose salaries were being reimbursed in private religious schools?
soldiers who guard the tomb of the unknown soldier
What do the police not know?
Hoe similar is Catalan to Portuguese?
What does Colorado need to protect them from?
what is pride in the name of love about
What age is the girl
Whose home was destroyed?
What is a person called is practicing heresy?
In addition to high explosive, what else was used?
what will this help with
which wavelengths of radiation are likely to cause photokeratitis
who has been appointed as the new chief of board of control for cricket in india
Who was the president in the Dominican Republic?
What type of Catholicism is Armenia's church part of?
what coach has won the most super bowls
how many seasons of dawson 's creek is there
What documentary aired in 2008?
what year did bridget jones diary come out
What has Rowling long planned to publish?
who voiced bloo in fosters home for imaginary friends
Who was working on improving the phonograph?
What status does Catalan Countries have?
a change in which new products are formed is called a
what is the highest landform in north america
Who was sentenced to death in February?
What was the selling price?
What permanent group representative do hunter-gatherers not have?
Where sort of activism did Gaddafi promote while attending secondary school?
which is the biggest primark in the uk
where was till death do us part filmed
when was the last year that is the same upside down
what did the men die from?
who has the largest seating capacity in college football
LEDs can send data over what type of cable?
Who scored for the sixth game ina  row?
Who was the new lead singer for Van Halen on 5150?
What was something used to minimize the impact of the soverign-debt crisis?
What are examples of day migrating raptors?
What language does the term heresy find its roots in?
where is the thorax located in the human body
When was Chris Cook arrested?
how much money did manchester city shell out
the most common metrical pattern in english poetry is
What is the Holocaust?
On what date did the largest mass execution in American history take place?
Who is hosting the Special Olympics?
Name the individual that consolidated the companies that were to become the Computing-Tabulating-Recording Company.
Which news organization toured the facility?
When Malloy reached the end of his time as president how much annuals funding for research did Notre Dame have?
What is the capitol of Armenia?
who is covering up
What position did Messi finish in
What location that was once filled with passengers, dry docks, and trains is now a holding area for new cars?
What is the Constitutional Court's power over the executive branch of Austrian government?
Who is Sun Jiadong?
where did dorothy from the wizard of oz live
What are getting buzz from tech media?
When was ORT Uruguay established?
What is Portugal trying to qualify for?
Who was the chief god of Eridu?
What percentage of white Americans have negative views about blacks?
who played romeo on the steve harvey show
What are the "public safety concerns" about?
Where did many soldiers from Hanover emigrate to?
when was the two treaties of government published
when did the ford fusion body style change
What is Germany's richest woman's name?
where did they film diary of a wimpy kid
Who starred in "The Girl Cut in Two?"
In 1261 Constantinople was the capital for which empire?
where does the president go when under attack
what is the song feed the machine about
where is the two minute hate in 1984
who was the first leader arrested in the non corporation movement
who is following them in the fundamentals of caring
Where did incest dad holiday?
what day of the year is mothers day always celebrated
when was black panther first introduced in marvel movies
who does raven symone play in the cosby show
Is deepening of the voice in males a primary or secondary sex characteristic?
When did Mary Winkler last see her children?
what is the theme of the movie city lights
Who is number one in the UK?
how many membranes do gram negative bacteria have
when was the diary of a wimpy kid published
who plays captain silver once upon a time
when did the book wrinkle in time come out
Who is John Roach?
What is the reason the Sahara lacks moisture?
Federal law overrides what laws?
What does  Ribery's goal give?
What resolution encouraged Security Council Members to send military assistance to the Republic of Korea?
What programs has Missouri used to reduce repeat crime?
what does it mean when you are on standby
What is the death toll?
Who rescued the hostage captain?
What was the second reform of the calendar?
who is the shortest player to ever play in the mlb
What happened to Christian Rossiter?
What was found after 911 call?
Muffling the sound of batter made what easier in the Underground Stations?
What was thrown to try and put out the flame?
When did Britain give the Federation of Malaya its independence?
WHat helps kids?
What was the accused'd job?
What did Nobel Laureate Hans Bethe think of von NEumann's ability?
Who was the residing judge of the lawsuit?
What subject matter does "Earth" cover?
how many episodes of cowboy bebop is there
who plays marilyn in battle of the sexes
To what incursion led U.S. to launch Operation Desert Storm?
distribution of power between centre and state in indian constitution is based on which scheme
What religion was Avicenna?
the galapagos islands are located 900 km off the coast of
who won the champions trophy 2017 cricket tournament
list the countries that made up the former yugoslavia
Coffehouses were criticized by which group of people, fearing the possiblity of an environmentin which class was disregarded?
name and describe the 5 components of a typical somatic reflex arc
Who is being blamed for collapse of stock market values?
Who declared Kiev "The mother of Rus citis'?
what are the types
What was the final score?
Filippo Inzaghi has how many career goals?
What plan did the city voters approve in 2003?
What rank does Greece hold as an Albania investor?
There what is the latest year for the end of the Islamic Golden Age?
The  Institute of Advanced Study and which other university colluded together to get Feynman a position?
What was the 1990 maternal mortality rate per 100,000 births?
what kind of animal is kai kung fu panda
Who is Joachim Low a  coach for?
Who is the most famous athlete from Namibia?
when does venus appear as a morning star
where are asteroids located in the solar system
who plays irene adler in sherlock holmes movie
When is Sandusky's hearing rescheduled to?
What is a Thysanura?
Who was Lantos?
who sang the song rub it in rub it in
What has the focus on a few diseases caused 
What country is about 4200 km from Guinea-Bissau?
what is the name of the state owned groug
Is Personal use of marijuana allowed in Argentina?
What did Stevens say?
when did we start using bc and ad
What is Daniel Aleman charged with?
Who is Floyd Mayweather?
What is the captain a part of before the start of the game?
how.many times have uraguay won the world cup
What are the games an alternative to?
Who set a new record?
What did Dr Klein say about singer?
where did the krays live in east london
When was the Achaean League formed?
who has the best field goal percentage in the nba
when was the last time georgia had a tropical storm
Which East Asian dictatorship was excluded from the 2014 report?
person who has to be center of attention
Who did Lamar work for?
What did the ownder call Obama
who wrote the book the fault in our stars
What does Peterson think happened to his fourth wife?
When was this British soldier killed?
What city did it crash in?
who sang the original song somewhere over the rainbow
Who was given the task of creating a dictionary in the Novi Sad Agreement?
What was the name of the man from the Soviet Union who was doubtful of Operation Sea Lion?
What degree does he have from USC?
who was the longest prisoner held captive in vietnam
What determined a child's social identity?
Where is Tim Clark from?
In which year was gold convertability terminated?
what is systolic blood pressure a measure of
why this kolaveri di song of which movie
what is the population of santa rosa california
What was the name of the group that was created whenPresbyterian Church of England (PCofE) united with the Congregational Church in England and Wales were united?
He lied under oath about what?
How much does the Argentina coach owe?
what was sams last name on the brady bunch
what day is money in the bank on
Who wanted to give it to you right form the horse's mouth?
what Text messaging competition includes texting?
the obudu cattle ranch is an example of a in nigeria
When did Katrina happen?
What did Agassi admit?
Who approved the proposal given by Count Karl von Buol ?
What is the Treasury Department targeting?
who did we fight in world war one
who can play tug-of-war with Bengal tigers?
What method did Plato use to understand political systems?
What is the fertility rate in Eriterea?
Who forbid the use of the word slekta?
names of organisms that have more than one nucleus per cell
when did fox news go on the air
who was the girl who fell in the well
What efforts have the WSH taken 
Where was the first #G surface game played? 
What did the Sri Lanka news agency say?
which is an example of a renewable energy source
What is the name of the restaurant that is closing its doors
How many people died?
Where are nominations open?
What did the court rule?
How many women at BYU do missionary work?
What did the star of Hurt Locker say was similar to being in the military?
how many attempts have been made by Nyad
how long is the roosevelt bridge in stuart fl
what two colors can you mix together to make yellow
How many inch have MacBrook?
name the java keyword that indicates that a method has no return type
When did the British threaten to take over the college?
when did she die?
when was slavery defined in law and custom
What percentage of NBC Universal was owned by Vivendi until 2011?
Where was the book shop that was attacked?
When did the arrest take place?
What did Roberts write?
the process in which the value of ∆ u = 0 is
What was the effect of the Little Ice Age?
What sparked the shootings?
When was Paris's police system expanded to the rest of France?
who played annie oakley in the tv series
what did he plead not guilty to
What did Louis Armstrong say to Jack Tueller?
Why do madaris extend enrollment to children of less fortunate circumstances?
where did the dont tread on me flag originate
What chording sound was Monroe popular for?
what was the main sticking point
what is the meaning of the word soledad
What was the mosaic at Butrint designed to portray?
Who touts US Canada ties?
where is lilo from lilo and stitch from in the movie
when did the metric system start in canada
where is how to train your dragon based
when does derek shepherd die on grey 's anatomy
what is the green house made out of
who won the second italian war of independence
Normally neon lighting is considered what type of lighting?
What did ancient China call its police?
By the time of Lilius where was the equinox falling?
What did Burke say 'envenoms everything it touches'?
What was the alleged site of many abuse cases?
Where is the militant group based?
What happened to the patents that caused them to be patent-free?
from what country did equitable remedies as applied in the u.s. grow out
What caused many slaveholder to free their slaves?
Who flew back with their 6-year-old son?
Where did sociology culture stem from?
Who has to approve the amendment before Mugabe can sign it?
How many annelid genes did Torsten Struck first compare?
What will she do for her MA research?
What may have began as an effective series of attacks by the Chinese regained what area?
What did the Head of Iran's atomic energy program say
Who is he current Minority leader?
What were two NATO service members killed in?
What did Mrs. Obama ask?
Who are Cameron Douglas' parents?
who provided the voiceover for darth vader in the original star wars trilogy
What song takes to beat Simon Cowell?
What does the lawyer say?
What can be learned from the study of modern hunter-gatherers?
What did the tabloid say destroyed the turbine?
who is the griot that sings the epic
What does a bit rate of 128 represent in terms of compression ratio?
Whose technology did Apple take advantage of when introducing the Macintosh II?
What is given to contestants who make it past the audition round?
To whom did Matsushita sell a large share of MCA/Universal?
Who is the MDC leader?
What was the name of Victoria's eighth child?
What is Hasan's profession?
What is the approximate error for every 3,300 years?
How often was a new questionnaire sheet used in the 1890 census?
whats it called when fresh and saltwater meet
who plays david in once upon a time
What beach is known for its distinctive and stylish Art Deco hotels?
What do the boulders weigh
What is the main chemical that causes emeralds to be green?
During what period did Australia experience long-term economic growth?
who played jimmy hoffa in the movie hoffa
What distinction does the city of Thessaloniki have in regards to size in Greece?
Who was known as a reformer in Strasbourg?
who played jason bateman 's sister on little house on the prairie
Do adolescents or adults seem to give more weight to rewards?
Other than storage, what is the common audio format used for?
What happened in Maryland?
When did Button visit McLaren headquarters?
General Dupuy revealed the motives for Napoleon's religious tolerance after the death of which religious figure?
What was the windspeed once the typhoon weakened?
In which year was New Delhi ranked 39th in economic activity by the World Wealth Report?
What is the name of the political body composed of German states established by Napoleon in 1806?
when did the show big time rush end
who is the host of world of damce
when did o canada became the official national anthem
Who scored on their debut for Real Madrid?
What is the land mass of  Myanmar ?
in 1954 the supreme court ruled in brown v. board of education that
where are the alps on the world map
What did the film festival president say?
What were the lights?
what does atm stand for in relation to internet providers? 
Where were they shot?
What can Rihanna be used for?
What does Primark produce?
What was the Valencia Cathedral called from 1866?
Who did Emperor Huan hire to depose Liang Ji?
buffalo springfield for what it 's worth genre
Who was represented as a dragon?
What percentage of world oil is supplied by OPEC?
who wrote there 's gon na be a heartache tonight
What was Heim's alias?
what are the major highways in new york
What did the new constitution require for voter registration?
what is the company name of mcdonald 's
What is intelligence at 53 more closely related to?
From what county were the people evacuated?
Where do the Blue Ridge Mountains begin?
Which country took over Iran's territories in the Caucasus in the 19th Century?
where is green and black 's chocolate made
What was the suspect carrying?
By what year was the greater part of the army presence in Plymouth gone?
What is the second question to ask in order to define the two classes?
How long were the Cranberries on hiatus for?
during the rebuttal section of a formal debate which team speaks first
What was Sherbini called?
What type of thinking provides the ability to plan ahead and makes adolescents more skilled debaters?
branch of science dealing with improvement of human race
What two languages mentioned have have preaspirated [ʰp ʰt ʰk]?
Russian troops took over which provinces first?
What place does Sara describe?
When do we rely on agricultural diversity to replant the land with something new?
when did the bmw 1 series have a facelift
What do safety advocate say offence points to?
who has the most fan following on instagram
What is generating Oscar buzz in Hollywood?
What did CCTV give no indication of?
Was Bishop Jim Moriarty criticized in the Murphy Report?
What is the purpose of a pub name?
Who was the last Qing emperor?
Who conferred primacy to the Eyre Estate of St John's Wood?
While anchored in the port, what did the Russians destroy?
How many years has Theron been working in Hollywood?
What is the name of the new champion?
What age is the arms dealer?
Who did France restore into power?
Who were considered to be below the social rank that scholars held?
Her video of "Material Girl" was an imitation of which singer's song, "Diamonds are a girl's best friend?"
who played charlie bucket in the original charlie and the chocolate factory
What did Hughes do?
who plays beverly 's son in tommy boy
who sings i 'm no stranger to the rain
when does season 2 of greenhouse come on netflix
The donor network says he helped how many?
who did the bengals play in the super bowl
What may modern humans be the only survivor of several species of?
What actress is a judge on the most current season of American Idol?
Who told the court that the prosecution wanted to impeach the star witness?
What was the biggest battle of the American Revolution?
What units measure a chili's heat?
What is the KBR?
when was the last time honduras went to the world cup
What percentage of kids in the whole world get the BCG vaccine?
How many records has Michael Jackson sold?
what did obama say
What percentage of New Yorkers follow the Catholic faith?
what is the s i unit of current
Who is the breakdown for?
Month that Next America's Cup will be held?
The level of what is the reason stimulants and depressants change human perceptions of time?
who sings i 'll never be the same
Is there a consensus about the time that minority leadership officially emerged as a position?
Which group eats their acquired food in a day or two?
Which amusement park is western themed? 
what was the beer that made milwaukee famous
The study of diseases caused by immune system disorders is called?
What is a notable achievement about the Kleines Fest im Großen Garten?
the sixteenth century has come to be regarded as the golden age for what vocal style
What does the move do?
where does glucose released into the blood end up
Who was sent to Switzerland?
did she lie about something
who wrote it 's my party and i 'll cry if i want to
What is the Great Depression?
What did the NATO force expect?
How many people died in the bombing of Hamburg?
Who was giving the orders?
What is the shortened reference for the Kobylańska Catalogue?
Where do semiplamated sandpiper C. pusilla migrate to?
who played paris in romeo and juliet with leonardo dicaprio
Who was prime minister in 1936?
Do many cultures place value of the education of a young girl?
actor who played jamie on one tree hill
what are the characters in the loud house
What did Jackson fear?
Who defeated Russian second seed Vera Zvonareva?
where did the mine explode
when does hulu release new episodes of the handmaid 's tale
Who were the players and composers during this time?
Murray made videos posted on which website?
Who is waiting for presidential visit?
What entity publishes the HDI?
After what year was the Legio VIII Augusta permanently stationed in Argentoratum?
Nam the major components for the City's growth.
what is the original name of puerto rico
who documented the surrender
when did world war ii end in the pacific
What kind of family did Hernandez come from?
Why was there concerns in 2010?
What was remotely detonated?
How much money was spent on construction of the island's airport?
What race was the attacker?
who was Diana?
In which century did the Gupta Empire fall?
What are some other similar car races that use solar powered vehicles?
a relationship between two organisms in which one organism benefits and the other is unaffected
what are the two parts of the texas legislature
How many pirates drowned?
Where were the octuplets born?
How long a day do people in other societies work?
Which state is India's largest?
where does esperanza live in the house on mango street
how much in bonuses
Where are F-15s used for ground support?
Who is a Real Madrid player?
What does Wheels of Success do?
What was Houston's gross domestic product in 2012?
Who has been killed?
What was this week in Atlanta?
Schwarzenegger shows up as the President of the United States in what 2007 animated movie?
south american country that connects to north america
what is the medal made out of?
What did Holmes do to stop the German Plane?
who plays perseus mother in clash of the titans
Bermuda stands as a northern point in what susposed area of strange activity and disappearances?
who plays the last post at the menin gate
How many miles is Tuscon from the US - Mexico border?
What CNN show mentioned the places?
who won best actor in the academy awards this year
first indian woman to win miss world title
Who did Yongle Emperor fail to build a solid relationship with?
where was the cold harbor battle fought at
What country trained Libya's military?
What is the Holloway family feeling?
where are the US coastguard searching?
What happened to a system as sustained winds fell off?
who got voted off survivor november 1st 2017
who dies in for whom the bell tolls
What is the predicted decline?
What did the USA call the move?
who had the longest tenure as president of the usa
who is the voice of shadow on homeward bound
What has climate change done with regard to reindeer herds?
which lighting feature in most nursing homes compromises older adults ability to function
in what year did apple introduce the macintosh computer
what was in the federal election campaign act that was passed after watergate
In which educational system was Whitehead employed in the late 1910s?
During which times does the value of the dollar typically decline?
What was taboo in France for decades?
when nintendo entered the video game market with the wii
who wrote the first national anthem of pakistan
how is strength of schedule calculated ncaa basketball
where did the term flip flop come from
What are vocalizations of the name of God, YHWH?
What were tipping stoves blamed for?
How many civilian deaths occurred as a result of the Plymouth Blitz?
What is the basis for the way most antennas are developed?
When did a model of heredity begin to be integrated with that of variation?
Where is the Declaration of Independence kept?
What nationality is Manny Pacquaio?
who wrote go rest high on that mountain
when does the new royal liverpool hospital open
in which date the sangeet natak academy recognised satriya nritya
where does cranial nerve 8 exit the skull
When could Senate vote on the bill?
who coined the term no taxation without representation
when was bread invented and who created it
From where did Eisenhower deliver his farewell speech?
how many always sunny in philadelphia seasons are there
what do astronomers think crashes are doing?
what are the two dominant systems in the thoracic cavity
who have been the hosts of the price is right
How did Jan Joosten van Lodensteijn die?
when did the first tablet computer come out
a la recherche du temps perdu word count
Between 1500 and 1760, how many Europeans settled in Brazil?
when did the samsung galaxy core prime come out
How many people were left dead?
where the event occurred
Niccolò Leoniceno was a professor of what subject?
What unusual tennis location does the spread include?
Where was the mother arrested?
who bears guilt
What recently sold for a record $57 million?
What is Caoshu?
What is happening to Kenya's economy?
who tests positive
What is the reason for the dramatic drop in visits to The Times website?
What does the railway system of US use DC or AC?
When does Henin hope to return to the WTA tour?
Where did The Sun offer to fly gay men in 1987?
When is the device assigned a unique 7-bit address?
what level of terror alert is the uk at
when does who do you think you are start 2018
Who did the watch belong to?
what was the robots name on lost in space
when did 32 die
how many gang killings occurred last year?
where is the electron transport chain located in eukaryotes
What is the name of the sprinter?
where is the largest buddha statue in the world located
Who is the present Minister of Foreign Affairs?
when did the song stand by me first come out
Where did a yacht docking facility open?
How many people who have fled modern-day Tibet are considered to be exile speakers of Tibetan?
how many countries are there in northern america
Along with City College Plymouth, what college calls Plymouth home?
when did america 's funniest videos first air
Did the militants contact the Americans?
What cultures influenced Nepal in the later Malla era?
what does the phrase beam me up scotty mean
high on the hill was a lonely goatherd gwen stefani
who wrote the song crazy little thing called love
What did Steve Jobs introduce on January 24, 1984?
What kind of group should you sign up for?
On what days were Scottish and Welsh pubs often 'dry'?
what is blackwater?
By setting the clocks forward, the normal time of what daily event is disrupted?
how many season of breakout kings are there
What was the population of Plymouth unitary authority circa 2011?
how many super bowl rings do the bears have
Who considers revising the measure?
When did he receive his PhD?
Was it a low amount or high amount of children that also worked in prostitution? 
who wrote the lyrics of wake me up
When did "Guiding Light" debut?
What does NESA stand for?
who owns the russian consulate in san francisco
What are the tourist hotspots in Portugal?
What is the dominant scheme for internal processing? 
who blew up the bus in veronica mars
when did trolley buses stop running in belfast
Who are behind award darling "Up in the Air"?
when did food stamps become part of the farm bill
Where is the Sangzao Middle School?
where did Alonso win a grand prix at?
who played freddy krueger in nightmare on elm street
What is the German name of Operation Sea Lion?
Who is the newcomer?
when did the canary islands become spanish territory
When did Chopin return to Paris?
Who accuses security forces of killing hundreds of men in 2008 repression?
ava 's are administered by the us treasury department 's
What was the score between Denmark and Portugal?
who is the actor that plays the green arrow
What percentage of the citys population is italian?
when did the first episode of life sentence come out
who wrote i 'm in the mood for love
who does jessica marry in the merchant of venice
What does Obama say proves anything is possible in America?
Which gases are typically used in a light bulb?
During what time period did a "general process of rationalization and secularization set in"?
Between 1840 and 1849 how many freed slaves landed on the island?
Along with the British, who occupied Libya at the end of the Second World War?
Who avoided a death sentence in favor of 15 years in jail?
In the US, the style during this time of Neoclassical Empire was known as what?
What does Ahmed Fear foreign fighters will do?
Which broadcaster interviewed him?
What French body was similar in purpose to the English Parliament?
What country had pressure put on it by Stalin to conduct purges?
Who made it out of the orphanage alive?
why did the us buy the virgin islands
when did the show arrested development come out
who originally played penny in the big bang theory
What did John William Bean try to fire at Queen Victoria?
How many years is Chirac facing?
when was the rocky horror picture show released
who won with "Waterloo" in 1974?
How far away has a trumpeter been known to stand?
Who is exempt from the standard and uses their own?
How were the Vestals' devotion to Rome's security viewed to be ?
In what year did Mali start economic changes?
how many students at lane tech high school
The busiest bus station in the world in the world is called what?
How did the FCC vote approval of the Comcast-NBC deal?
What academy was the most important medical center of the world at the time and became Islamicized after the Arab invasions?
What did Mark Hughes say?
Which government position is given most of the executive powers over Delhi?
Where does acupuncture has its roots?
what is the orange ghost name in pacman
What drives plate tectonics and may lift mountains via orogenesis?
who attempted to get its independence from russia in 1830
Where was the homeless man found?
During the speech, Truman made the statement that each man should be guaranteed what?
Who wins the confirmation?
what is the last movie of jason bourne
who plays young snow white on once upon a time
where does water for a well come from
Who will be out of Iraq by the end of 2011?
the vertical groove in the upper lip is the
where do you hit to test your reflexes
what was he diagnosed with
Who oversees Plymouth's sewers?
What will no person be denied the enjoyment of in Georgia based on their religious principles?
what is his age
what pink floyd album is wish you were here on
Who rendered help to the British government during the revolt?
who won chris daughtry 's american idol season
What is designed to prevent cervical cancer?
How many people spent 2 hours in the sweatbox?
what were the demands of the populist platform of 1892
What age is Christopher Chaney?
What is the need high for?
when did gods not dead 3 come out
what is another name for temporary assistance for needy families
who played the son in walking tall 1973
what grade is trevor in pay it forward
Who sang medieval plainchant?
Do they speak Spanish fluently?
What media outlets publish a supposed report?
What did the former Playboy die from?
Which philosopher argued homosexuality did not exist as an idenity in the eighteenth century?
what is left of the hanging gardens of babylon
Charlemagne's expansion of the Frankish empire created opportunities for Jewish merchants to settle where?
who played jiminy cricket in once upon a time
Along with Korea and Communism, what issue did Eisenhower attack Truman on?
a penalty foul by the defending team can be punishable by a what?
what is the primary purpose of an incident report
Who emerges as leader?
which is the main purpose of a vision statement
who played buford t justice in smokey and the bandit
Who picked up May?
What day was the city of Seoul captured?
when does game of thrones season 6 start
Who offered to shore up mortgage giants?
who sang the song 4 dead in ohio
What nationality began birthing groups who expanded the vocabulary of punk music?
What was for sale?
Where was the University evacuated?
How many adoptive daughters does Huntsman have?
What is one of the complex behaviors pet dogs have gotten from wolves?
what children are running from?
what did Paris court order to ebay?
Through what time period did the Korean War last?
Which YouTube sensation credits late mother for inspiration to perform?
What annual sporting competition features the Wanamaker Mile?
who has to sign up for the draft
How many species of fungi have been found on Antarctica?
What mistake did Kerry make in the joke?
What is it compared to last year?
What is domestic violence?
where did hermes the greek god come from
where does the last name hoppe come from
What process caused the financial system to both expand and become fragile?
What did Jacksons wife break?
What is a disease of poverty?
who leads the nba in all time assists
who sings when you 're talking in your sleep
What convention recognizes Russian in Georgia?
where is the most milk produced in the world
who gave voice for king julian in madagascar
How many businesses were destroyed downtown?
Where do most people who need aid live?
Who was abducted and killed in Puerto rico last week?
Is the same jury that found Cutts guilty also hearing the penalty phase of the trial?
who sings the girl part in we made you by eminem
What country is Ulcinj in?
In what year did the SSA see a 55% increase in videoconferenced hearings?
Kurent is monstrous and demon-like, but also what?
Including to the growth, what market chain have expanded nearby Downtown New Haven?
How many Republicans opposed it?
What did France get that gave them a supply of sugar?
When were they fatally shot?
when did germany separate into east and west
who plays hiccup in how to train your dragon 2
who 's won more super bowls afc or nfc
when does the next season of portlandia start
who played the police chief in beverly hills cop
where is Obama holding concerts?
How many league championships did Everton win in the 1960s?
what crime unit is leading the investigation
What did Seattle call itself at the time of the Goodwill Games?
who is the female voice in gim me shelter
Who was the suspect?
What is an example of a system that meets EAL6?
Which country did Hitler align Germany with?
who plays harry in 3rd rock from the sun
Which groups or religions were greatly accepted in Alsace?
What may render certain names in katakana instead of kanji?
What reason did Newburgh make headlines?
when was the voting age lowered to 18 in the uk
What happened to Nasser after the breakup of the UAR?
How many colleges make up BYU at its main campus?
What word in Arabic means 'wealthy' in English?
What is the name of the sub-chiefs in Tuvalu?
Who was included in their U.S. fans?
Where did the car bomb explode?
What people have a thistle for their Commonwealth emblem?
what is sonic the hedgehog 's friends name
What is part of I-76 called?
What are some of the most widely known poultry tournaments?
Did the sale of disposable diapers drop last year?
How many countries are included?
where is james scott from days of our lives
Who won the $25,000?
what goods went from the new world to the old world in the columbian exchange
What is a common insect used for research purposes?
What number of people have been put to death this year?
What was the reason for the targeted violence?
who was the winner of dancing with the stars season 21
When was Totti sent off?
Who purchased the majority stake and re-marketed the product in 1980?
What does Tariq say Mehsud is being targeted by?
all time top scorer in the world football
Along with a public house's address, licensee, and the licensee's misdemeanors, what information was kept in licensing records?
When was the Conference of Berlin held?
What has made the state change very rapidly?
Who unseated the defending champion
what have doctors not been able to do?
was anyone killed
which plants do not have tissues for conduction of food and water
Since 1723 what has Utrecht become 
Along with drama and melodrama, in what filmmaking genre does emotion play an important role?
What movie had the third-best opening day ever?
When will James will announce  which team he'll sign?
What do Solar hot water systems use to heat water?
who was the military leader in the first battle of what became the french and indian war
How old are rock drawings in Valcamonica?
when did uk start selling petrol in litres
who plays the goblin in harry potter 8
What will President Obama support?
What will have the greatest impact on the global economic crisis?
how many episodes are there in marcella series 2
What did Connick say about it?
drinking game with cups and ping pong balls
who does the voice of missy on big mouth
Can players use their personal popularity to spread opinions?
Who arrived at Princeton in 1972?
What can not be dismantled as a lego set?
Sen. Kent Conrad favors what?
when does the secret life of bees take place
What company published the Spectre soundtrack?
What is a form of solid state lighting?
who are the two current senators that represent california today
What did the rebels seize?
On what atoll was the 6th Fleet Forces Service based?
Where is Oro Valley?
What did Northwestern sell to raise funds for it's first building?
Which pope proclaimed the Immaculate Conception of Mary?
What other area fields were overshadowed by Greek influence ?
The Chihuahuan Desert is home to many of which type of animal?
what is cause of the explosion
when did russia go to war with japan
What will women reconsider?
How many rounds did the subject fire?
What did attoneys for Shon Pernice decline?
what is the minimum annual income to pay taxes in india
Who discussed the country's security plans?
the movement of water in the xylem relies upon the
Who are most customers?
how many times has she broken the record since 2003?
Which artist guested on a live version of Queen's The Show Must Go On?
who began the revival of the olympic games
The space he was trapped in was how wide?
where did the saying man best friend come from
what is the name of polygon with 7 sides
What league did Southampton Football Club become founding members of in 1992? 
when did the united church of canada form
who plays the doctor in star trek voyager
What does the downed plane have
How many soldiers died on September 17?
Which 2 album show Madonna's artistic statement?
what was the first pirates of the caribean movie
What was the rise in female literacy between 1991 and 2001 in Rajasthan?
Who says projectile landed near embassy?
What is the average score of Twilight Princess on Metacritic?
which case was heard by largest ever constitution bench by 13 supreme court judges
What is the danger to humans in regards to the spread of avian flu to humans ?
when did canada play in the world cup
who does sansa end up with in game of thrones
What religion did Menander I convert to?
Who was the policeman leading Operation Elveden?
when gelbart died?
What are no longer considered endangered?
What did Galicians call the Vikings?
where is the origin of a muscle found
who was president when the united states acquired the right to build a canal across panama
What non party affiliated voters are critical for party to attract in elections?
What is the name of the lake in Southeast Tuscon?
What type of cathedral is Muster?
who popularized the mini skirt in the 60s
Who has invaded Punjab?
Which language is associated with the western branch of Iranian?
Where is the rescue effort underway?
What aspect of the Chassepot was superior to the German needle gun?
What its Uga VII?
Which president was forced to flee?
Where were 72 bodies found?
Which area is most popular?
when is the origin of the city
who won the mens doubles at wimbledon 2018
most runs scored by mlb team in season
What was the cause of the severe erosion?
By 2002, what percent of African Americans had multiracial ancestries?
who is the longest running snl cast member
what has happened in the jail
How much vote did perez molina garner?
what type of aircraft is air force one
what movie is the song chaiyya chaiyya from
What magazine features the images?
Why did muticultural Americans hid their heritage?
What has happened to the local dialects in the French speaking regions?
What's the name of the microprocessor produced by the 65 nm process?
What school is involved?
Who finished fourth on season two?
what does mind you p 's and q 's mean
What was the gross primary enrollment rate in 1998?
where is the 11 foot 8 inch bridge
Who is in charge of investigations?
what is the oldest book in the new testament
when troy put to death
a song of ice and fire book series order
Who tried to invade Egypt in the famous line-in-the-sand incident?
who said and that 's the way it is
What organization commented on the deal between EMC and Dell?
How large did the British Empire become by the beginning of the 20th century?
what episode of supernatural do the ghostfacers first appear
Which three modern monarchies allow their ruler to withhold royal assent?
What did the Greek government delcare?
Who provided the donation that enabled the opening  Simon Hall?
By what percent is Yale committed to reducing greenhouse gas emissions below 1990 levels by the year 2020?
where did they go in the great outdoors
what is dulce et decorum est pro patria mori in english
what channel is the weather channel.on direct tv
in what country would you find the yellow river
What two national over-the-air broadcast entities are owned by Comcast?
What is Gore not doing?
in what year joined the hotel?
From what US state does Adam Lambert hail?
What did Gelbart die from?
Where did a cargo train derail?
When did the French victory at Rivoli occur?
Since 1992, how much money has this athlete won?
One firm will pay deferred associates how much  to work in the public sector?
What were some provincial governors in enforcement of the Roman edicts?
What list did CNN compile?
How many  people have died from the virus since last spring?
To what ruler did foreign allies offer a divine cult? 
where was the night of the iguana filmed
Hakka is a language from what geographic part of China?
What is the official language of Guinea-Bissau?
Where are Mexicans seeking asylum?
How many doses of the vaccine have been ordered?
When the colors were first worn, what team did Barcelona play?
how many terminals are there at vienna airport
what lands did france give up as a result of the french and indian war
who sings the song you got a friend in me
On what date did the Mau demonstrate on the streets of Apia?
What type of coupon does the city provide the poor 
During which revolution was red a symbol of liberty?
renovations are causing what changes 
Where were the residents evacuated voluntarily?
Who left the Covent Garden stage?
Who lead the government coup in 1988 ?
What university did these students belong to?
who played julie in look whos talking too
What church are traditionalists trying to breakaway from?
What do the Somalis call incense burners?
Who currently owns the  Chicago Cubs?
What state does Usman Javaid live in?
In 2012 how many vehicles were driving in Hyderabad?
how many houses do you get in monopoly
where is epithelial tissue found in the human body
In what year was amphetamine first tested on asthma patients?
What accounts for 70 percent of all digital song sales?
who played mary on the little house on the prairie
Did all AV receivers carry the demodulator circuits necessary for LaserDiscs, or only high-end models?
Where is the external metallic sheet connected?
who brokered the cease fire
how many chipotle restaurants are there in the us
Who was the mayor of Namiquipa
Who was the first to prohibit the paper from being in its library?
what is on the billboards?
Who caused Nintendo to take formal action regarding rentals?
Why was the internet developed?
where was call me by tour name filmed
Name of the former U.N. special representative?
What era in history saw local government begin setting up County Councils in the area?
What property does copper have that links it to Aphrodite and Venus?
Which office did the sketch take place in?
What movie did Spectre unseat as having the highest earnings for IMAX screenings in the UK?
What does the law do?
By what other name is the 360 S model known?
Who helped finish the Aeneid?
What kind of workers were trapped?
How many years did prosecutors want to charge Lillo Brancato Jr. with for attempted burglary?
What were 1920x1080i and 1280x720p defined by?
who played tooey on leave it to beaver
How much money did Kerik fail to report?
where is gonadotropin releasing hormone ( gnrh ) secreted from
Where does Svetlana Broz live?
golden gate bridge facts when was it built
when did the new wiring colours come in
In what city near Seattle is Microsoft based?
What was Greece's public debt forecast to hit as high of a percentage of GDP of in 2010?
What did analysts blame?
How many records did Beyoncé sell as part of Destiny's Child?
how much did singapore sell christmas island for
what is a key feature of materials requirements planning ( mrp )
what is the length of south downs way
When Nathan was killed?
Who did Philetaerus declare himself loyal to?
What is man selling on eBay?
Who says the Bush administration has let Pyongyang off the hook?
Insectivorous insects are beneficial or harmful to humans?
How old was William IV when he died?
who is the author of you raise me up
what happened to the little boy from bronx tale
What kind of guns did the United States end WW I with?
What did Locke say 'tabula rasa' meant?
Are they still endangered?
when did the shot clock start in the nba
who was the first indian to cross english channel
what did nbcuniversal become the owner of in 2004
Where was Ray Gravell when he died?
what problems may occur if the merchandise inventory is too low
what are the names of the 2 old guys on the muppet show
What type of social service is being discussed?
What did Sanchez wonder about Sotomayor?
Who can borrow art supplies?
Which village had fallen into decay?
What did McCain say about the US economy?
legend of the galactic heroes die neue these characters
the development of a mid-latitude cyclone according to the norwegian model begins along the ​
when did they close the arm of the statue of liberty
who plays elizabeth bennet in the movie pride and prejudice
student of the year star cast real name
What is the more common term in Israel for many of those broadly called Sephardim?
What can a PM motor not be adjusted for?
What did Timmons stop to do?
Who is less than enthused by Gadhafi's actions?
Who was Eisenhower's budget director?
how many branches does fidelity bank have in nigeria
What do the dancing parrots prove?
What kind of checks help to keep the plane on course?
what is the reason of war between saudi and yemen
According to legend, who took the Santo Caliz to Rome?
How many people are soldiers accused of killing during the November 2008 riots?
why do we use properties file in java
how long do black bears live with their mother
who did jim parsons play in judging amy
When did the Yongle Emperor invite Deshin Shekpa to his court?
What was the profession of the founders of Ann arbor?
number of words in harry potter and the philosopher 's stone
when did the $ 2 coin come out in australia
Which borough of New York hosts the US Open Tennis championships?
How many pounds of beef per person each year  are consumed ?
what is the current season of selling houses australia
who does meg 's singing voice in family guy
who plays victor kiriakis on days of our lives
What did the actress say to CNN?
What was the series' third most watched finale?
who sings do n 't fall in love with a dreamer
Where was COast guard searching?
at the site of cellular respiration glucose converts to
Which members prayed for his resurrection?
who played anne boleyn in a man for all seasons
who plays carrie on little house on the prairie
where does the fluid from a blister come from
how many championships does the chicago bulls have
What is the name of CBS' Mexican record label?
Different things could affect what with the shell?
what was the main reason the colonist assembled for the first continental congress
what did cdc say?
What happened to Frederick's army at the Battle at Kunersdorf?
According to Nintendo what was the danger in renting games?
Who developed the legal guidance?
who played charlie in the charlie 's angels movie
who sang the original monday night football song
Where are some LEDs in machine vision systems found?
What is the fertility rate among non-orthodox Jewish families??
Who issued another severe weather warning?
What came as an expense of live singing?
When was the Boeing contract signed?
who was killed
what is currently happening in the rio grande rift zone
What was the Confederate overall strategy to win the Civil War?
When was Boston founded?
who said a rose is a rose is a rose
Where did Tito send Dubcek in 1968?
What country provides the highest rate of support for cotton growers?
More than how many homes were flattened?
record number of overtime periods in nhl playoffs
What does the potency of antibacterials depend upon?
What portable game systems have SNES emulators?
Who has opened  a restaurant?
What book could be found in The Dartford sister's library?
where is first hockey club set up in world
The CV-22 aircraft is used by what section of the USAF?
What was interesting about his mother and wife?
What was the number on board?
When was McDermott elected to office?
Who fought the proposal?
What have the wives done?
Who is president of Guinea?
in what year did the tennessee volunteers suit up for their inaugural football season
Who is the Mayor of Miami?
The Quran is more self-referential in which of its suras?
when was the last time she was hospitalized?
when did mcdonald 's first come to britain
When is the hearing scheduled for?
What does Erzberd in Styria furnish?
Who is H.W. Brands?
What report was released by a Cambodian human rights network?
what were they riding?
who replaced johnny carson on the tonight show
What was the office held by George Mosely?
when is the next star wars 9 coming out
What happened to the tourists?
How long have bus tours been available to tourist of Myanmar ?
Where is the second FBI lab?
where does the reed go on a saxophone
What did the Allies call the Japanese convoys supplying the ground forces attacking Henderson Field?
What do officials want to know?
where does the word cocktail come from wikipedia
The collision between the African and the Eurasian plates began during what time? 
what is the role of the web server
What location has become famous for bird overshooters?
What did Iran approach?
What was the bandwidth of AT&T's Picturephone?
How does the crew on board the spaceship perceive the stationary observer?
What obsticals will migrating birds avoid?
At what age are children ready for potty training?
What area does South western Ambulance  Service cover 
who did the cubs play in the first round of the playoffs in 2016
according to the secretary who is a true American hero
In which department of the Committee of Public Safety did Napoleon serve?
Will Kasab be charged ?
what is the series of tubes used to distribute the air called in a grasshopper
who played mrs davis on our miss brooks
What part of Universal's business was terminated while it was in bankruptcy?
What caused Obama to disavow preacher-singer's views?
What did Gupta's report question?
What is a cause of once per revolution pitch variation?
where does the story take place in the great gatsby
What is meant by bong?
what is facebook
What percentage of employees belonged to a trade union in 2004?
When was the Potsdam Declaration issued?
What solo album did Beyonce release in 2003?
What is The Triple Entente?
What did provinces in Bolivia declare?
Who was not directly criticized in the Murphy Report?
How many acts performed at the Empire Polo Club?
For how many days was there no drug slaying?
What can be used to cancel a inductibe reactance or residual capacitative?
when was the phrase the american dream coined
Which competitor sued Apple over rights to part of the software user interface?
Where was the private ceremony carried out?
who plays riley blue 's father in sense8
who sang things aint what they used to be
what size engine does a 2007 chevy cobalt have
What is the entrance of the ancient Roman tunnel where "Virgil's tomb" is located also called?
when does season 3 episode 7 of school of rock come out
The women that a large percentage of the current Ashkenazi population is descended from are also known as what?
What are good topics to attract the attention of an anthropologist?
What happened six years later?
what does the take me to church music video mean
For what action during the Italian campaign did the royalists condemn Bonaparte?
Where was the letter found?
who was the president of the united states back in 1985
What race was the majority of Singapore's population?
How many millions of years ago had Homo erectus spread throughout Europa and Asia?
who sang when the moon hits your eye
How many siblings does she have?
What is hugely popular?
How many stadiums in which the Premier League has been played have been demolished as of 2016?
who is the lead singer of falling in reverse
who was twice imprisoned in the bastille ( french prison ) for his controversial satires
What is not uncommon?
When did the explosions occur?
Which year was used for estimates in the 2011 report?
who is singing in the movie i can only imagine
What is another informal name for Quaker?
2008 marks the fourth time what has happened involving parties?
What TV drama did Crichton help create?
in which city is the leaning tower of pisa located
csi when do grissom and sara get together
What wheelchair-bound bearer of the Olympic torch displayed a Tibetan flag?
who is the 1st prime minister in india
What may have led to the coup?
What is the Catalan to miss somebody?
what radio station on sirius is christmas music
What were magicians also called?
who is the author of the book romeo and juliet
When did Edmund Burke graduate?
when was the last time arkansas won the cws
what does steve rushin say
When did scientists began to arrive en masse to study the geology and ecology of the Alpine region?
What are conflicting?
What will the HTC phone run?
To what species of algae is Charophyta related?
In which river was the annual Race to Prince's Bridge held?
what is the english name of sapota fruit
Between what is there a gap says the report
What can be important in a wrestler's career? 
On what date in January did Travolta's 16-year-old son Jett die?
who wrote the song going straight to hell
What is the purpose of the Compass-M1 satellite?
What leads to conjecture?
How many people are in London's Metropolitan area?
What are travel experts saying?
What was the cause of death of Litvinenko?
What caused a spike in the number of hungry people?
who plays bryce loski in the movie flipped
What was Bolivia the first country in the history of South America to do?
Discovery launches on mission to where?
In 1806 who did Gorkas defeat with the help of provincial chiefs?
How many pieces did Chopin write in 1841?
What are Suleman?
who plays the minions in despicable me 3
What team was Ronaldo playing for at the time of his injury?
what are the aims and objectives of unicef
where is the ohio river located on the us map
who sang the theme song from the movie arthur
Up til today, how many languages has To Kill a Mockingbird been printed in?
What is the name of BYU's foreign language living experience?
Who stirred up the hatred?
How many more is that than last census?
who is sharing intelligence
who was forced to evacuate?
How long have they been homeless?
Who is the hall named after?
Where is the Schwarzenegger restaurant located?
What current dominates the coastal area of Namibia?
Switzerland, France, Austria and Italy have the greatest what? 
Who believes rate rise plus weakened pound will hurt Premier League?
who wrote the song counting flowers on the wall
On which book and who was the author was one of the main sources of the historical study of Cubism based?
What car boasts highly sprung motoring
What does the election come after?
Who will Obama discuss the incident with?
who does sean astin play in lord of the rings
first woman to fly a plane in india
What popular tourist destination is located near Regent's Park?
who sings i 'll do anything for you
From what other country's orthography did the Older Orthography get its basis?
Whose ideals does Brittan believe to win out over Hayek's?
What age was Larry when his father died?
What does Susan Rice recall?
What was held at the actor's home?
what is Many other tourist spots?
when did the first teenage mutant ninja turtles movie come out
What month was Laurean arrested?
when was do n 't ask do n 't tell established
What groups was Mysore fighting in the later half of the 18th century?
who sings lead vocals on i ca n 't tell you why
who plays captain hook in peter pan 2003
what does the preamble of indian constitution contain
who wrote free to be you and me
when did man city enter the premier league
Whose help are the police seeking?
who was the first britis governor general of india
who was the first president identified as a democrat
What was dropped as Fay's winds never reached 74 mph?
What year did a biracial Populist fusion gain the Governors office?
What is the name of the British district within Rajputana?
where did the idea of seperation of powers come from
Does Nanjing have a long or short tradition of culture?
What was the combination of Hauptschulen with Realschulen and Gesamtschulen called in Berlin?
who sang killing me softly with his song first
Who does David Backham plan to meet?
who did the montgomery improvement association choose as its leader
Are written records of Old Dutch rare or common?
Who made it through to the final of the Italian Cup?
How many Jewish people live in the City of Boston?
Along with British Somaliland, what country in the region was a British protectorate after the Second World War?
who is the lead singer for the rolling stones
where was beauty and the beast 2017 filmed
who sang you 're a mean one mr grinch in the 2000 movie
what are the topics included on the CNN's award-winning series?
who won season 5 of great british bake off
What did mike lang say?
Amount of pandas that live in China's wild?
How many steps are required to read the information encoded in a gene's DNA and produce the specified protein?
Who hosted the 1981 FIBA African Championship?
Who was placed on leave?
who was working as provisional parliament of independent india
What was the motivation behind the attack?
Where is the delegation headed to?
when did planet of the apes first come out
when did season 13 of supernatural come out
Who made a feature-lenght film?
Who wants a condolence letter from President Obama?
How many square miles is the city proper of Boston?
what is Hard to say?
what Friends of Touma say?
what song did aerosmith have a hit with twice
Who said that athletes met age requirements?
What kind of scientist is Peg LeVine?
What causes lower growth in plants?
What did TMZ receive during the summer
Which group was created to generate a genome map of human genetic material?
when was little red riding hood first published
How are lenis consonants distinguished from fortis consonants?
Under whom did Roman legions first enter Galicia?
what is the first book of the diary of a wimpy kid series
what did senate do
who starred in the movie my cousin vinny
What does the tropical weather on the east side of Bolivia allow?
How many consecutive losses has the Liberal party faced since the 2002 election?
who is next of kin when a parent dies
scientist who lost life in their own discovery
Where did Google startup?
What nation had control of the Carolines?
where is the headquarters of asian infrastructure investment bank
Out of the precipitation that falls, how much of it is snow?
When did the Black Death start?
Individual members of enveloping structures are known by what terms?
What is the company working toward?
What year did Mexico gain independence from Spain?
who did the us fight in the cold war
who sings on right turn by alice in chains
actor who plays will in will and grace
where can stem cells be found in plants
What formed on the outside of the earth after it cooled?
when did cant stop this feeling come out
What was another name for the Great Man-Made River?
when is the new movie predator coming out
During what years did the study examine population health?
The movie has already made more than how much ?
What is the jellabiya?
where was the first summit of non aligned movement held
How are people evaluated in Brazil?
What kind of nursing services do outer islands nurses provide?
What is part of the agreement with the U.S?
who did the nationalists and communists in china form an alliance against
How much are the total funds between Iraq and Afghanistan?
How many remaining properties belong to Caesars Entertainment?
What does Al Qaeda claim?
Who can limit judicial review of a law?
Who was last seen Saturday?
What did Sandra Samuel do that was heroic?
When was McCain the presidential nominating speaker?
What is one disease that has been nearly eradicated thanks to vaccines and antibiotics?
As what can divergence in the groups be shown?
Who is the US president?
what percent if the world has red hair
who sang the original bring it on home to me
who played fez from that 70 's show
When did the art deco area of Miami boom 
Where is the hotspot for whale beachings?
Roughly 90% of what group were pushed from their homes or ethnically cleansed during the Caucasian Wars?
what's the name of the person that will be cited for failure?
Who says he did not lose any money to Madoff
For wolves and dogs, how many fixed genes show a variation?
What government convoy was ambushed in the same province as the massacre?
What are the police looking for?
what did CNN report on?
What is leading to arrests?
what does Putin dismiss?
What was his "secret" title after World War II?
when is the rams stadium going to be done
who brought the term great plains into widespread usage?
How long is the local police chief under house arrest for?
Around how many people can be there on a given day?
who wrote the song country boy by aaron lewis
the office season 2 episode 14 who did it
where was the battle of the boyne fought
when was the first modern postage stamp released
What could cause harm to the moral compass?
what is the movement of the moon around the earth called
Who is featured in the mosaic at the Martorana church?
Catalan has less contractions than what language?
what is the name of the 2017 doctor who christmas special
Softening metals can be achieved by?
How much recoverable gas is still undiscovered in Alaska, according to the US Geological Survey?
Who is missing?
A wrestler may have a small person called what?
Which explorer sailed his ship into New York harbor in 1609?
What is the literal translation of the word "schatzi"?
who plays teenage jamie in one tree hill
who won the liberal leadership in british columbia
Since which century have modern political processes forgone royal assent?
how many sounds make up the english language
when does season 8 of archer come out
how your establish priority by using the abc method
What kind of court system does Israel have?
What city was rated as having the best park system by The Trust for Public Land?
How many miles has the smoke drifted
Who requested Montini become involved in the Church Asylum movement?
who has best free throw percentage in nba
what is the name of the dwarf planets
How many people were recently laid off in Japan?
What had previously kept prices stable?
Who separated from the Roman Catholic Church during the Protestant Reformation?
where is the thousand year door in paper mario
What was the objective of le Secret du roi?
What do the stone statues on Yale's campus depict?
What converts absorbed light energy into an electric current?
As a result, demonstrations were held in what two cities in December 2007?
Is there additional cost to land shuttle in California?
who sang back in the new york grove
who does the voice of santa on american dad
Who took control of Gaza?
what kind of bbq sauce does burger king use
Bob McDonnell is the governor of which U.S. state?
What increased the power in the House of Commons?
who was the actual mole in red sparrow
who knew to get out of chakravyuh in mahabharat
where did they film the original friday the 13th
when was the department of health and human services established
Where is in-vitro meat grown?
Who did Obama choose as secretary of state?
who won the battle of richmond in the revolutionary war
when did seat belts become law in australia
when was the grand hotel in scarborough built
when was the us involved in the korean war
where do the saviors live in the walking dead
Who was a notable female French author of this period?
What did the study quantify?
What is done to crude bitumen to promote its movement through pipelines?
who has the most mlb world series wins
who died in plane crash in grey 's anatomy
What caused a Tetanus outbreak?
How many died from cholera in a 2008 epidemic?
when is the next governor election in alaska
when was i dont want to miss a thing released
non voting member in the us house of representatives crossword
who is in charge if the president dies
what type of islands are the Tristan da Cunha
where is the boston bomber being held now
Who became Prime Minister of Poland after 1997 election?
what season of suits did meghan markle join
Who is wooed by funds?
What does the area experience?
YOutube does not often post a what for its videos?
Massalia was the center of education according to whom?
who sings the song how great is our god
What was the cause of the attack?
When did it occur?
What would result in a slow declining of the value of the dollar over time?
san andreas fault is what type of plate boundary
In how many births do spontaneous cases of haemophilia arise?
What is the best rated hybrid car?
most strikeouts for a pitcher in a season
If someone struggles with insulin resistance, what kind of diabetes can develop as a result?
What Catholic doctrine do Protestants not believe in?
How did the Ciccone siblings behaved towards anyone brought to their home to replace their beloved mother?
Which state TV reported the hangings?
who is being executed?
who is the us ambassador to the czech republic
What is the London Outer Orbital Path commonly referred as?
who killed tony at the end of scarface
who is owner of jaguar & land rover
What has backed up as Port-ay Prince airport reopens?
What temperament is the English Renaissance performed in?
When was the Armenian Genocide Memorial constructed?
What policies is he accused of meddling in?
What island is a 20 minute flight from Panama City?
When did Kelly Pless start gaining weight?
Who was Hopper surrounded by?
Who was meeting to set a maximum age for drop-off?
who died in season 3 episode 1 htgawm
What did westerners call the women of Hawaii?
who sang the song all my exes live in texas
What reduces bits by identifying and eliminating statistical redundancy? 
Where would Kamen's water purifying device be used?
When did Chopin reach Paris?
How many German bombs hit their target?
What has recently been discovered in the thousands, especially from examining fresh vegetables?
when the levee breaks led zeppelin lyrics meaning
what says senate?
What usually happens regarding a championship during a draw?
Who unveil their new car?
who owned israel before it became a country
Where was Pizango granted asylum
What do members of the Bahá'í Faith call God?
What are zurias, the traditional clothes still worn by Christian highlander women in Eritrea?
what does the dc in washington dc stand for
What is the police investigating?
will the wheelchair user be tried?
What was too close to the 767?
number of seasons in a year in india
how many episodes in season 9 of grey 's anatomy
Buridan's theory of impetus led to what modern concept?
what is the legal term for peeping tom
what was the name of MARRS' number-one single in October 1987?
What hotel was targeted on September 20?
Who is the youngest person to sail around the world alone?
Charitable arm of which industry adapts to changing times?
What does Thomas say about Matchbox Twenty?
What floor had its windows blown out during the attack at the Ritz-Carlton?
attack on titan who was the female titan
Mild cholesterol problems can be controlled by what?
What was the name of the singer in the country duo Trailor Choir
Which three groups did the early Triassic period consist of?
what is the academy award statue made of
what was the major purpose in building the erie canal
who is the lady who sings with meatloaf
Who was the leading figure in Sicily during the Hellenistic period?
What are two major rivers located inside of Mali?
Much tobacco land has been transformed into what kind of orchards?
What is the Portuguese word for the short-cycle degrees awarded prior to 1988?
What is the name of her boyfriend who she grows cucumbers and tomatoes with?
What community still has some effects of slavery?
what is the name for the smell of rain
Who is Kim not living with?
who holds the most consecutive wins in mlb
What stopped work in 9 factories in Coventry?
who sang the theme song for the wonder years
What newspaper broke the story about Schwarzenegger's child with another woman?
what the real meaning of cinco de mayo
where does the final battle in julius caesar take place
Where was Christina Christian at when she was eliminated from the show?
how many episodes i am not a robot korean drama
when do you get your white coat in medical school
What is the term for constantly changing physical and mental parts?
who plays chuy in blood in blood out
Who were the 2007 champions?
What theme park is in Old West Tucson?
How many personal belongings were found?
What map shows the relation between sub and quotient groups?
Time asymmetric phenomena in quantum mechanics are to few to account what kind of time-asymmetry?
Sailors have died in what as recently as September?
where did the toronto blue jays play before the skydome
who has the most back to back nba championships
Which PM ordered a full review of security?
Who saved the men?
what Junior senator returns after?
when does a face off happen in hockey
deep purple smoke on the water lyrics meaning
How many U.S. Marines were killed by the time thhey reached the west coast of the island?
What was issued for South Florida?
when was the last time the kansas city chiefs won the superbowl
when was the first union formed in the united states
who does tig hate in sons of anarchy
who sang falling in and out of love
who is the capital of texas ( austin ) named after
where is the waist located on a woman
what is the meaning of the song billie jean
What does the state agency Ciencia Viva promote?
What would original term "bacteria" determine?
Who won the election in South Carolina?
How many kids does Armstrong have?
What test should be done first?
What is currently located at the site of the old Taft Hotel in New Haven?
most abundant non metal in the earth 's crust
where is mt . saint helens located on a map
who is rose related to in fuller house
In what style is the door of the Apostles?
What was Alexandria known for?
Who revoked the King of Poland's sovereignty over Prussia in 1660?
Who did Chase mock deliberately?
What number of structures have been destroyed
Who is Edward's mother?
who discovered the electron using a cathod ray
How many deaths in Britain?
What are the widths of the cloud bands on Neptune? 
Who was it for?
In what year did the Marshall Islands receive sovereignty?
most 400 plus scores in odi by a team
when was the last time the raiders made the playoffs
What range of prices were high-end LaserDisc players in the 1990s?
who must disclose the full price of air travel to consumers?
who played the judge in hang em high
How many inmates are held in camp?
How many comics did Marvel sell during 1968?
who played tommy in coward of the county
when did the taliban first take over afghanistan
How long has the single congressional district been Republican?
What state is the problem in?
what new technology helped win the war in the pacific
Where did the crash happen?
Who quoted the line of Terence most notably?
Nothing is more attractive than what?
How is a court hierarchy established?
Which Melbourne based university has campuses in Malaysia?
Who was the top seed?
What President attempted to make an example out of Boston due to it's view on the Anthony Burns Fugitive Slave Case?
who is playing parvati role in mahadev serial
What does O'Brien acknowledge?
where is the painting the night watch located
who played zira in the lion king 2
who pioneered the birth control clinic in the united states
What did the pirates try to do?
During which century were important Buddhist notions translated to Chinese?
Which Shakespearean play did the School put on in October 2012?
What is Pantheism?
when 's the last time michigan won the national championship in basketball
What aspect of faith is covered by canon law?
when does the nut job 2 come out
where in england is the furthest from the sea
What other star won this award?
When year did the Battle of the River Plate take place?
What is the dominant type of house in Philadelphia?
What Robert Redford movie was shot here in 1002?
what is the most visited country in south america
What is the name of the mountain
what makes it so exciting
What did Rooney say in his final essays?
Which Manchester United central defender will be playing?
What aspect of Kuhn's thinking did Popper criticize?
who has the most nba championship rings as a player
What mostly controls the rain in Mexico City?
when did pirates of the caribbean ride open in disney world
What did chinese authorities claim?
Who demands profits be given to Nigerian people?
What did the inquest find?
What did zainab alhusni dream of
in what order are the percy jackson books
When may sunlight be stored as gravitational potential energy?
where does the rose bowl game take place
According to officials, the death toll in five days of violence has risen to how many?
where was game of thrones filmed season 1
who sings love you just the way you are
What is an example of a book of medicine from the Malla period?
What is Malvo feeling guilty about
When will the King memorial be dedicated?
What kind of plural words lose /n/?
What was the name of the shrine?
who is the actress that plays blake in san andreas
What has been discussed since the Federal Republic was founded in 1949?
After 1782, where would money from Paymasters' withdrawal requests go?
Before Elizabeth's father who was next in line for the throne?
What kind of losses take place in transformers and inductors during conversion/transmission process?
whos the best 3 point shooter in nba
What is one of the longest free events in the streets?
where does an epidural go in the spine
Who did Beyoncé sign a letter for in 2015?
What creates risk of spreading the flu virus?
When did Gladstone resign?
A defeat by which team eliminated England from the 1970 FIFA World Cup?
the temperature at which molecular energy is at a minimum
What does the president want Republicans to present?
What is Powell famous for?
What was the "escape" character originally intended for?
What condition is the baby in now?
Since when have Portuguese universities existed?
what was founded on principles of farm-to-table cooking
how many cracker barrel restaurants are there in the united states
Whats the name of the woman killed?
In what year did many cities in Montana set heat records?
What linked Vance to the killing?
What two metals are mixed to create Brass?
What was the time after WWII heralded as?
who was the movie white boy rick based off of
When did the Trinity Church begin its posting at Bellinshausen station?
Who was stabbed in the chest and police made 13 arrests?
where did the saints play home games after katrina
What are Valencia's agricultural areas mainly planted with?
when did frontier take over verizon in california
Which country is the biggest exporter?
What comprises a major category in the world art collection?
who sings one way or another i 'm going to get you
In the film Dick Tracy, who did Madonna starred as?
Why did Victoria inherit the throne?
Who met Heath Ledger?
who recorded the album dark side of the moon
a chemical bond in which electrons are shared between two atoms
Where is the Turkey Grand Prix being held?
when did women get the right to vote in the us
What is the jail sentence?
What is happening now?
When were seven found dead?
How many communities does the CMA include?
What did Gibbs' platoon staged?
Who will sue to block the law?
What is the total area of New Delhi in square miles?
when was the european research laboratory ( columbus ) launched
What percentage makes up for the whites living in the city?
who proposed the plan for our first national constitution
General Baptists shared similarities with who?
What was the name of the local government and tribunal?
when did the first home pregnancy test come out
What year was the Witchcraft act initiated?
what does the skin produce in response to sunlight exposure
Aside from bleeding what is an order of rules that define how pronunciation of a sound changes?
where are the dairies that make haagen dazs located
What ban was lifted?
Several well-known wrestlers were famous for winning with a move called what?
What in the use of Sanskrit has influenced Sino-Tibetan languages?
when did south africa become an independent nation
who seized the paraphernailia
What percentages does the city Bike transportation mode's target?
Who was the super cup winners?
What does the Administration plan seek?
What was the 1733 population of Plymouth Dock?
when were the canterbury tales written and in what language
Who is the latest to find themselves at the center of a culture war?
when does the magician 's nephew take place
What did an earlier report find?
What is the name of the tv host?
What are the eyes on?
an example of artificially acquired passive immunity is
who plays janine 's mom on house of payne
when did the movie jack frost come out
the supply in glower is ac or dc
What are different designs aimed at increasing?
What year did Bern invade Aargau?
What decade marked the peak of support for opposition to New Zealand's governance?
What did Bush say?
trashwhen did this happen?
when does season 13 criminal minds come out on dvd
who has the most wickets in cricket history
who reached the final
What is a major dance venue in Cork?
How old is the Spanish language in the United States?
when did the last episode of sex and the city air
where did the blast take place
pokémon the movie everyone 's story english release
what struck down Supreme Court?
where is sugar cane grown in the usa
What song was the lead single from the film's sound track?
where did the first balkan war take place
How many vessels travel in the shipping route?
In what year did European countries first recognize Switzerland's independence from the Holy Roman Empire?
Who was Eduard Lasker?
when was the idea of the atom first introduced
Suing watchdog groups will settle lawsuit with what administration?
when does episode 18 of jane the virgin come out
which part of the hurricane is the warmest
What was first invented by Otto von Guericke ?
where does the tigris river and the euphrates river meet
What are racial and colonial definitions of the Middle East considered?
who was involved in the soviet invasion of afghanistan
when did the ballast water management convention entry into force
What is there to vote against?
what was the number one song on june 18th 2004
What character represents the "line feed" function?
Who beat Cameroon?
Which calendar ended on December 21, 2012?
What markets were built in the Art Nouveau style?
who plays spock in star trek into darkness
What does McCain not use?
What can stems cell research lead to a cure of?
During which season of American Idol did Fox beat the other networks in ratings for the first time? 
What makes zinc an efficient sacrificial anode?
when did criminal minds first air on tv
where does the last name quiroz come from
What is the median level for measuring atmospheric noise?
What did the government start cracking down on after 9/11 attacks?
Virgil's loss of his famiyl farm and the attempt to regain his property though poetry was the inferred motive for which work?
Who have set up tents?
when was the bunker built at the greenbrier
Who donated the large sum of money to help aid the establishement of the Biochemistry Department?
How far away has smoke drifted?
Who broke the record?
What is the U.S. interest rate?
What does the banner ad say?
Sinhalese buddhist reformer portrayed what Canon as the original version of scripture?
when did touch screen phones first come out
What other components of the immune systems are included?
what is the current season number of survivor
According to a 2015 Gallup Poll, what percentage of Swiss people are convinced atheists?
What year saw the establishment of the Islamic Center of Virginia?
What do Somali officials call the offensive?
How much did Charlie Simpson raise?
Why were the lands in the region the Sumerian people settled fertile?
when did the strike happen
What Freemason group accept atheists?
Since when have coronations been held at Westminster Abbey?
What number of civilians died?
how much is a british stone in weight
What era is attributed to the findings of enormous fossilized dragonflies with extremely long wingspans? 
In what year was the Royal Dutch Petroleum Company founded?
where does the kings river start and end
In what state is the Federal Correctional Complex in Terre Haute?
Where was the Rugby World Cup?
Which crisis occured towards the end of the Miocene period?
what term refers to higher grades given for the same work
Who arrives in New York?
How much of the Bronx's population is non-Hispanic Asian?
where is the wishbone located on a chicken
What other order evolved during the Jurassic?
what is the meaning of oriki in english
who has been appointed new president of the indian council of cultural relations
what does the marine slogan semper fi mean
Who offered to sell surface-to-air missiles to FARC?
what did he say about mariah carey
Who was the driver?
How many acres of vineyard is there?
biotic factors that influence the amount of air in the soil
when did the borg first appear in star trek
Who the motorsport community mourns?
what kind of horse is bob on free rein
What does a typical pommel horse exercise consist of?
who did the rapper admire
What did Heather Levi write?
who has the power to declare a law unconstitutional
How long did it take for the movie to reach cinemas?
What do computers attached to the ARPANET use for line endings?
Which oil company is responsible?
What did Real Madrid extend their lead to?
What does a mixed tag team consist of?
when was the last hurricane that hit texas
What is the Swiss confident of?
Where is the Fylde coast?
In what city was the Mosque-Madrasah of Sultan Hasan?
Along with horses and camels, what animals were used by the postal service?
Are all sources of the crucification literary?
Where do many rodents live?
song at the end of deathly hallows part 2
Who was angry?
NYC is known as the Capital of which sport?
which is the first book of sherlock holmes
the u.s. congress is bicameral as is every american state legislature except
What do Jehovah Witnesses feel all the traditional holidays reflect?
who will work for 40 hours a week?
Which Prime Minister is "incompatible" with Leonardo?
What caused the most recent death?
What kind of furniture is in the restaurant?
What is believed to be the oldest known insect fossil?
Why were foxes originally hunted?
What is the abomasums close equivalent?
where does the last name mcmillan come from
Which government awards the Order of the Chrysanthemum?
who made the fresh prince of bel air
What was the name of the period before the Heian era?
who plays the yellow car in cars 3
What did the Coast Guard recommend in Massachussetts?
who does the law relating to hazardous substances protect
who played maggie horton on days of our lives
what do police find in Colorado store ?
what state has a buffalo on its license plate
Who was a known composer of A cappella music in the 15th century?
Who published the Seismic Risk Analysis?
who sings make em laugh in singin in the rain
Who refuted the statement that the Queen was critical of the European Union?
When is she going to do this?
Is Ginsburg's health outlook good?
What park was developed between the 1950's and 1970's?
Whose lock of hair was concealed in her left hand by flowers? 
What are antibiotics in chemical terms?
On November 5, 2008, the Bank of England reduced their interest rate from 4.5% to what?
What country welcomes aid?
Lodges that could not endorse the GLE were later called what?
where will the winter olympics 2018 be held
who has won more trophies celtic or rangers
What did Karzai say forces should focus on?
What is spread among roommates
Where did the mountains lay before the French and Indian War?
when did the us drop bombs on hiroshima and nagasaki
what drug was sold?
Who died near Rome?
where is dartmoor zoo from we bought a zoo
who sings on keith urban 's coming home
Technology that is used to implement secure operating systems is one use of what term?
who built the first altar in the bible
Where are most of Canada's troops?
Was this differing view common among Christians of the day?
when did immigrants stop coming through ellis island
What body renamed the state the Soviet Russian Republic?
What pump can capture gases in a solid or absorbed state?
where is the myelin sheath located on a neuron
when was the panchayati raj system amended in india
what was the main importance of the battle of trenton
Which party does Sassou belong to?
how many episodes are in the mist season 1
Nixon was a president of what country?
who does finn wolf hard play in stranger things
what countries argreed to meet?
What was stolen?
when did Roger's wife and children die?
What EU law forbids products used in torture to be manufactured in the European Union?
Where does the African population in florida have ancestry roots 
In Christian nations what does the color red often become associated with?
what was the first plague god sent on egypt
What bus service did the University of Southampton commission to carry people between the city and the university?
Along with Plymouth and Devonport, what settlement comprised the Three Towns?
when does stephanie die in grey 's anatomy
when did harley davidson buy back from amf
How many Apostles were there at the Last Supper?
How long was the mural discovered in Libya?
who is rudolph the red nosed reindeer 's dad 's name
What does he call for the release of?
What did the pilot suffer?
when was the first snowfall by james russell lowell written
what did we gain from the war of 1812
when does the new season of family guy start
The remains of what type of structure from the mesolithic period was found on the River Thames's foreshore?
Which films did Maurice Jarre score?
who is being excommunicated?
which brewer has a new strategy
when was the last time the capitals made it to the conference finals
What case will be re-examined?
When were the western towers built?
how big of a tank do i need for a yellow tang
Why are birds' arteries composed of thick elastic muscles?
how many layers are there in osi networking model
What group conducted a study of coral on Funafuti?
where do the red sox do spring training
Which hedge fund manager with a networth of over a billion is considered an alumni?
Who learned the game of Monopoly and took it to Atlantic City?
What kind of instruments are favored by Kondo?
What country did U Nu lead?
what is the french name for the dough used to make eclairs
Who is described as a "narrow, obsessively secretive, vindictive man"?
when did dancing with the stars start this season
Who nominates justices for the U.S. Supreme Court?
What artist designed the retro-style stamps?
When did Captain T.C. Fowle write of a trip he had taken from Karachi to Syria?
What is the  drug kingpin accused of?
what is the order of the new planet of the apes
Do the people of London agree with this action?
Prosecution should target what?
Who is on target as Croatia make it two wins from two?
When did the Ann Arbor news end its print?
What does vitamin injections target?
What action suggested by a state, would have affecting the outcome of the electoral votes?
where does the movie three billboards take place
What party did The Times support in 2001 and 2005 general elections?
What English school offers Sanskrit as a language study?
In what languages is Tibetan music often chanted in?
What is Neptune's mass? 
The Luftwaffe air fleets were taking what kind of losses?
What is a promising cellulose source that can be sustainably produced in many regions?
What do unrecognized faiths and denominations in Eritrea have to undergo?
Which public figures did Flore's lampoon?
Who did Snyder's family sue?
In what category is the movie listed?
what were the highest winds in hurricane harvey
who will deliver final U.S. portion of the international space station?
when did ned stark die in game of thrones
How old was Popper when he died?
how many points did leicester win the premier league with
Who is chosen ahead of Cristiano Ronaldo?
How long was Demetrius Poliorcetes siege of Rhodes?
Where were the PLO bases located?
how many provinces are free of opium farming
Where are they considering relocating to?
Who won the women's title in 1937?
who sings leaning on the everlasting arms in true grit
who banned twitter
Out of one million how many people could be viewed with significant impact politically?
what did bush say
how many natural satellites are there in jupiter
What strength was the earthquake?
What fell off the jet?
What did Barbara Starr say about the mud in southern Afghanistan?
What does the Quran verse 17:71 say?
whose blood-alcohol level was 0.126?
What is the the Information Management Group responsible for?
How many days did it take PVA forces to march 286 miles?
What mountains are located in Switzerland and France?
How many republics made up the USSR by the end of 1922?
What was named number 1 by Conde Naste?
where are mast cells located in the body
In which countries did the British Isles provide most of the founding settlers?
when does leela find out she a mutant
what is the largest bill in the usa
What affected rendition of "My country 'Tis of Thee"?
when was the world wide web made public
How many votes did Goodluck get in 2011?
What does the new device include?
What years was the Treaty of Wuchale formally binding?
fracking is used primarily to extract oil and gas from
What does Afghan law appear to allow?
where do they film i 'm a celebrity
which country did iraq invade who was the dictator at the time
where did the crash happen
who were the leaders of the battle of chickamauga
what would the winner of the greek theater contest win
What is the proper way to address a cardinal according to the Archdiocese of Milwaukee?
how many episodes does season 7 of shameless have
who played gilbert on anne of green gables
first black tennis player to win a grand slam
What do the explorers arrive with?
jason mraz lyrics i wo n 't give up meaning
when was the red hot chili peppers formed
What does HEMT stand for?
Who was enlisted to help?
which type of hepatitis is responsible for 50 to 76 of all patients with liver cancer
Who is Samsung chairman?
Name of NRL personality
oldest continuously operating roman catholic parish in the united states
A post on the Facebook developer blog announces what?
what won big this weekend
Who built deadly cannonballs?
What was the amount of victims of the attack?
When did the domestication of sheep first appear in Egypt?
What upheaval had occurred in France just before the prohibition of patois?
How many divisions did MacMahon command?
how do you pass an amendment to the constitution
Who uses an iPad to do tricks?
who created call of duty world war 2
which airport does ryanair fly into in copenhagen
Who said it would not be fair to place the burden on a child victim?
What is Sarah Palin's  daughter's condition?
when was the last pyramid in egypt built
When was the first software MP3 encoder released?
What percentage of New Yorkers are Christians?
sweetened foods often contain simple and are known as
what article of the constitution established the supreme court
where is most of the world 's cotton grown
how would seasons on earth be different if earth 's orbit were less elliptical
guardians of the galaxy vol 2 opening song name
How many vehicles did the plane strike while landing?
Who is Zimbabwe's president?
World and Olympic pole vault champion ?
generally the default color for text that contains a link is
what did carbon scenarios report say?
who was the lead singer of the bay city rollers
who made up the second coalition in 1798
in 1778 most of the troops that the EIC had were from where?
What does the NHS offer to residents of the UK?
what Scientists say?
how hot does mapp gas and oxygen burn
What are compounds that have a carbon-copper bond called?
who plays the russian in agents of shield
korean drama when a man loves a woman
when was the last episode of the fosters aired
where is the final four basketball game played
what is the business development bank of canada
Henry II wanted to secure the southern borders of what?
What are Akathists?
During independant service mode how is a single cab in a hall kept from being used?
Who of the provincial disaster management said at least 6 dead and 46 others injured?
who is the first vice president of ghana
Where did MCA's Revue Productions subsidiary rent space?
For how long did an ailing Paul VI meet with Sandro Pertini in 1978?
who made call of duty world war 2
who played kris kringle in the original miracle on 34th street
in 1803 was act of parliament supported by  EIC? 
Who married Sacagewea?
who was the actress that played curly sue
Imperial formed a relationship with which other entity in 1963?
Whose daughter keeps following Lisa Ling?
when is nen introduced in hunter x hunter
What court approved the seizure?
How many bombs did the three aircraft drop on the city?
Why do some cops use bicycles to patrol?
Who got it in a headlock?
who were the first host and hostess of wheel of fortune
How many were killed?
What do users do on PlayStation Home?
what is a growing problem
how many pounds lost billy
who is the second a in pretty little liars tv show
Why is the island safe from full hurricane devastation?
what is the most rarest element on earth
who stars on the tv show the view
What could satellite launches lead to?
What event ended the Gold Rush?
The juice of which fruit was determined to have helped sailors from contracting scurvy?
where is rohan in lord of the rings
What happened to Wu's army?
What age was Tugend when he enlisted?
What have scientists learned about angiosperms from DNA sequencing?
What does the observatory say?
What does the group use to treat the offenders?
What percentage of people in Raleigh are white?
The mother traded places with who?
When was the Aetolian League formed?
Who did China pledge to support if a conflict should occur between North and South Korea?
who played the girl in the movie orphan
who created the do n 't tread on me flag
What are authorities saying?
What agreement commits countries to develop resources for sustainability?
What region does the Foreign and Commonwealth office of United Kingdom not recognize?
What age birthday party is Modonna celebrating?
How much was in the innsurance policy worth?
Which group regulates the Galician language?
How many loans will be taken off?
On what date was the Treaty of Pressburg signed?
What is the illusion given by these effects?
Approximately how many languages are spoken in the Greater London area?
What city has the highest number of registered cars of any city in India?
Who wrote a welcome song for president?
During the 1500 who was a valued part of the Ottoman   Empire?
who was the head of the soviet union when it collapsed
What is Woods apologing for ?
What other dialects share a thread with the Greek language. 
Decision changes at organizational levels led to what type of attacks?
Who is proud of the distrubution of condoms?
What is Gibbs known for when deflecting tough questions from the media?
season 3 into the badlands has how many episodes
The NASDAQ is located on what street in NYC?
where did the mad cow disease come from
When was the season finale of Idol?
which state in us has the largest population
what is the meaning of the name nala
1 . what is erikson 's stage for the early childhood age group
What is Ampyra for?
how many days a week is coronation street on
When will the last episode be taped?
Since when have swans been marked?
who played in the nfc championship last year
when was the first bottle of champagne made
how many bricks did it take to build the great pyramid of giza
when was the last time la hosted the olympics
When compared to the Western Alps, what area has few high peaked massifs?
In what year was Demarcus Sears convicted of kidnapping?
What type of math did the Torpedo Data computer use to fire a torpedo at a moving target?
What threatens some bird species?
who came to the united states in 1979
What are ice streams otherwise called?
who played o dog in menace to society
What does Imam mean in its proper religious context?
Where were the nails placed?
when was call of duty modern warfare remastered released
who plays the dad in best friends whenever
Who wants joint custody?
What organic reds did Rothko use in the Passion of Christ murals?
What does MP3 use to format it's data?
Which weapon caused a major shift in anti-aircraft strategy?
Where did half of the illegal drug seizures occur?
How many divisions make up Arts & Sciences at Washington University?
when was the last time browns had a winning season
What is the contemporary name of the religion which Avesta was part of?
When were the pilot's distress calls made?
who were the early b-boy hip-hop artists that inspired detroit techno?
What featured on the video?
Which British Princess was reprimanded for nakekd school frolic?
When do the Beijing Olympics begin?
How many Americans will be vaccinated?
who were the commanders on each side of the first battle at bull run
the witcher 3 game of the year edition release date
In which publication did Sander publish an article questioning racial preferences in law schools?
What general size are the cavities in the cells of very dense latewood?
who did dolly parton sing i will always love you for
What was found to be limited or at least difficult to get access to in the studied region?
What is the single factor that can be precisely measured?
What type of metal makes better alloys than traditional steel?
How many kilometers does Guinea-Bissau cover?
what is the first book in the skulduggery pleasant series
full form of anz on new zealand jersey
When did Richards publish his mtDNA research?
Who was Harold Wilson's Defense Secretary?
Who won a posthumous award?
Wood extractives include resin and fatty acids, terpenes, and what other component?
What is the cause of the blast?
In what year did Nasser become president?
when was the last time the pittsburgh steelers went to the super bowl
how many episodes are in season 2 handmaids tail
Hayek believed the state could aid the economy by doing what?
What brand is producing the world's first biodegradable gum?
where did the saying patience is a virtue come from
How many paying customers did Comcast have in 1994?
who was the buffalo bills quarterback in 1999
at what age can you drink in france
when was the last time duke won a bowl game
what episode of new girl do they play true american
what are the guards accused of doing
What are Catalan and Valencian considered to be in the language?
when does the new diary of a wimpy kid book come out
who is the owner of phoenix mall pune
Other than increasing pricing what was another measure that was introduced to decrease alcohol consumption?
As recently as what year were there no studies on how TB mortality is connected to stigma?
What is Unicode available through Windows on? 
when were the bunkers bombed?
Along with the movement of peoples, invasion and depopulation, what event started in Late Antiquity and continued into the Middle Ages?
what is the highest court in the federal court system
For how long was he exiled this time?
What are dangerous for dogs?
Who did Northwestern merge with in 1873?
Where was Boston Founded?
What day is the bulletin from?
Who will be debating?
Who did Hoyte van Hoytema replace as cinematographer?
What class of people founded both European universities and Islamic madaris
who are accepted widely today in military?
Near what village were the 93rd Highlanders posted at?
what is the most visited monument in france
What group did Southampton's Rob Skipper sing for?
What law enables parents full control over their child's education?
what animals have eyes on the front of their head
Which country won in Scotland to secure a finals spot?
which president is mentioned
On what date will more than 40,000 auto-rickshaws ply the roads of the Indian capital?
What is Sarkozy's wifes name?
What did democrat voters do in 1998 
when did the usa go off the gold standard
Hussain paints what subjects?
been affected by floods since June, officials say
Who was likely born in captivity?
Was a tsunami warning issued?
in which country in north america mount rushmore found
who sang save a horse ride a cowboy
What is the name of the murder suspect?
what is the largest freshwater lake in the united states
who plays katherine in vampire diaries season 8
when was the adventures of tom sawyer published
who is the managing director of hdfc bank
bhagvad geeta is a part of which great epic
The policy of supplying arms and war materiel for the Vietnamese to fight their own war was called what?
who won the nobel peace prize in 2008
In a realistic model of a capacitor, where else besides between the dielectric between the conductors might an electric field be found?
what part of your brain regulates body temperature
What is the charge called?
average number of inside the park home runs
Powerful volcanism contributed to cause early earth to be in what state?
